BoredPanda - pandas against boredom!Let's fight boredom together!
Login with Facebook Login with Google
or
Email Password
Log In
Don't have an account? Sign Up Forgot your password?
Creating an account means you agree with Bored Panda's Terms of Service
Favorites
Login
Categories
Travel
Photography
Animals
Illustration
DIY
Food Art
Funny
Architecture
Parenting
BoredPanda Login Add Post
Popular
Trending
Latest
Categories
BoredPanda
Popular
Trending
Latest
Add post
Login / Register
All
Travel
Photography
Animals
Illustration
DIY
Food Art
Funny
Architecture
Parenting
More
Nature
Other
Product Design
Style
Sculpting
Advertising
Body Art
Drawing
Digital Art
Painting
Interior Design
Street Art
Graphic Design
Entertainment
History
Optical Illusions
Video
Social Issues
Automotive
Paper Art
Weird
Science
Installation
Technology
Recycling
Typography
Land Art
Packaging
Needle and Thread
Furniture Design
Live in Vilnius? Bored Panda is growing fast and hiring top developers, designers and copywriters here!
Success! You can view your post here.
PMS Ice Cream Has Flavors That Perfectly Describe How Women Feel
Parker Jones, a graphic designer based in Texas, has created a series of ice-cream labels designed to speak to a very specific demographic – women who enjoy binge-eating ice-cream when experiencing PMS.
Share 1.6K
Like
Dislike
8 points
1 comment
International Pillow Fight Day In Bucharest, Romania
International Pillow Fight Day is one of the events I loved to snapshot because there was a lot of action, a lot of fun and many beautiful people. I am inspired by nonconformist, enthusiastic and happy people. Bucharest's bustle and...
Marius Tudor
Share 548
Like
Dislike
53 points
1 comment
Incredible Miniature Paintings Of Galaxies, Animals And Books By Lorraine Loots
Lorraine Loots, an expert at creating tiny art “for ants,” is back with a new series of mind-bogglingly small (and beautiful) paintings of animals, space, and her favorite books. She plans to create 100 mini paintings and drawings throughout 2015, drawing...
Share 16.7K
Like
Dislike
88 points
16 comments
Underwater Babies: Photographer Takes Adorable Photos To Raise Awareness Of Drowning Children
Seth Casteel, a photographer based in NY and LA who is a pro at capturing underwater photos of dogs and puppies, has now turned his lens on yet another adorable and funny underwater subject – babies. He took roughly 10,000 photos...
Share 14.5K
Like
Dislike
35 points
1 comment
Orphaned Baby Bats At This Australian Bat Hospital Are Too Adorable
What's cuter than an orphaned baby bat swaddled in baby blankets? A veterinary clinic full of orphaned baby bats swaddled in baby blankets, that's what. The Australian Bat Clinic & Wildlife Trauma Centre in eastern Australia takes in baby bats (called...
Share 28K
Like
Dislike
55 points
5 comments
We Hand-Carve Silver Bookmarks Without Any Lasers
We are the company from Udine, Italy, and we can proudly claim that our bookmarks are unique. They are not printed or cut by laser nor engraved or reproduced by mechanical systems. They are completely hand-made, numbered and signed one by...
Silverleaf
Share 6.6K
Like
Dislike
81 points
5 comments
‘Humans Of New York’ Photo Of Girl Named ‘Beyoncé’ Has The Best Comment Section Ever
A photo shared by the legendary Humans Of New York street photography project told the story of Beyonce, a schoolgirl who discussed the difficulties (and advantages) of living with a celebrity name. A deluge of comments then appeared underneath the photo...
Share 44.1K
Like
Dislike
89 points
31 comments
Darius Is The World’s Biggest Bunny, But His Son May Outgrow Him
At 4ft 4in (1.3m) and 22.2kg, Darius is currently the biggest rabbit in the world, but he may not hold that title for much longer, because there's a new pretender – his son. Jeff is 3ft 8in (1.1m) and has about...
Share 33.6K
Like
Dislike
28 points
8 comments
I Draw Animal Watercolors Inspired By My Time Spent Living In The Wild
My name is Janie Stapleton, and I'm an artist. What I do is go outside, paint, then go outside again. Five years ago, my uncle told me to stop thinking about a career, and asked me "What do you want to see...
st.janie
Share 9.8K
Like
Dislike
94 points
14 comments
Open List 50 submissions so far
20+ Funny Cat And Dog Confessions Reveal What They Actually Think
Tiny Confessions began when my wife and I adopted our bichon, Willie. As I was walking him through the streets of New York, I began coming up with oddly specific revelations that he might make if he could speak ("I actually...
tinyconfessions
Share 378
Like
Dislike
29 points
0 comments
Next Page »
Follow
We're also on Instagram, tumblr and g+
Trending
I Create Pencil Shaving Art For My 365-Day Project
5 comments 46 points
Desert Reflections: A Series Of Surreal Self-portraits In Joshua Tree
11 comments 44 points
This German Family Spent More Than 2 Weeks Decorating A Tree With 10,000 Painted Eggs
0 comments 30 points
Thank You, Bored Panda, For Giving My Career A Head-Start
0 comments 31 points
I Paint My Nails With Favorite Cartoons, Movies And Snacks
2 comments 40 points
I Make Animal Masks From Hundreds Of Tiny Pieces Of Paper
0 comments 47 points
Jim Carrey's Manic Celeb Impressions From 1992 - Before He Was Famous
6 comments 75 points
Subscribe To Our Top Stories
Contact
Privacy Policy
Jobs
© 2015 Bored Panda Boredpanda.es
Like us on FB for more awesome posts!
Don't show this - I already like Bored Panda
?Bored Panda ya en espa?ol! ?Danos un Me gusta!
No mostrar esto - Ya me gusta Bored Panda   width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1 548dee23a897b7714d41cbb8f9e6e4f4 en_US article Bored Panda http://www.boredpanda.com Bored Panda http://www.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/themes/boredpanda/images/fb.jpg Bored Panda is a leading art, design and photography community for creative people. Our submission platform helps artists and creators turn their stories into must-read viral content. WordPress 4.1 Bored Panda is a leading art, design and photography community for creative people. Our submission platform helps artists and creators turn their stories into must-read viral content. art,design,photography, interior design, oddities, amazing, funny, beautiful 469101399768819
