Home | Daily Mail Online      Home
News
U.S.
Sport
TV&Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Fashion Finder
Latest headlines
You mag
Event
Books
Promos
Rewards
Mail Garden
Bingo
Horoscopes
Property
Motoring
Columnists
Stats
Login
DailyMail
show ad
Daddies' girls! After Lily-Rose Depp stunned at New York fashion show, how other celebrity daughters look like their famous fathers
Lily-Rose Depp (top left) turned heads as she walked the red carpet at the Chanel Metiers d'Art show in New York on Tuesday, with many remarking that she was the image of her father Johnny. But how many other celebrities look just like their famous dads? Top row (left to right): Lily-Rose Depp, Johnny Depp, Ireland Baldwin, Alec Baldwin, Francesca Eastwood, Clint Eastwood, Renee Stewart and dad Rod, Tallulah Belle Willis and Bruce Willis; Middle row (left to right): Anais Gallagher, Noel Gallagher, Lizzy Jagger and father Mick, Katherine Schwarzenegger, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Lily Collins, Phil Collins, Katie Cassidy and David Cassidy.
98 comments
1 video
43 shares Just how many celebrity daughters look like their famous dads?
Pensions shake-up shambles: Just 300 staff to advise two million retirees as new rules start today - and you could face three-month wait to cash in your pot
Experts fear over-55s in Britain could be vulnerable if they do not receive proper advice regarding pension plans now that they can spend their pensions instead of being forced to buy an annuity. Prime Minister David Cameron has boasted that 2.1million over-55s will be able to cash in all or part of their pensions from today but it has emerged that less than 300 people have been hired to give face-to-face guidance to millions across England and Wales, and just 44 for Scotland. Some parts of the country will be served by as few as three members of staff. Cities such as Leeds, Sheffield, Wigan and Manchester will have just six or seven people on hand to help.
156 comments
1 video
33 shares Pension shambles: Just 300 staff to advise retirees as new rules start
£622m sales a year but Kellogg's pays next to no tax in Britain: Cereal giant warns shareholders could be hit if Government closes loopholes 
Kellogg's, which makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to British families, uses a complex web of companies to do business here and paid virtually no corporation tax in 2013.
25 comments
1 video
83 shares £622m sales a year but Kellogg's pays next to no tax in Britain
Click through today in pictures
Jake has MOVED IN with Carl Fogarty's daughter
Kendall
Jake
Kim
Kendall
Jake
Next Previous
Are you a GENIUS? Find out with a few of the most fiendish brain-teasers ever 
A book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers. The answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
124 comments
1 video
122 shares Are you a GENIUS? Find out with the most fiendish brain-teasers ever 
Force schools to promote gay lifestyles in lessons, says teaching union
The National Union of Teachers said MPs had a duty to tackle 'homophobia' but Simon Calvert from Christian Institute (pictured) warned some teachers would have to act against their beliefs.
31 comments
1 video
66 shares Faith school fears as union says teachers must promote gay lifestyle
Killer Germanwings co-pilot Lubitz searched online for information on suicide... under chilling username 'SKYDEVIL'
Sources at the Federal Aviation Office said they had never been made aware of the 27-year-old's mental health issues and only learned about them following the disaster.
116 comments
1 video
365 shares Lufthansa 'did not tell aviation regulators' about Lubitz's depression
Stay slim FOREVER with the mindfulness diet: It's the proven way to train your brain to resist cravings and unhealthy food, and it's blissfully easy to follow!
Eating without really thinking about what we're doing allows us to mindlessly consume thousands of calories. With so much processed and convenience food all around us, temptation is constant. Instead of suffering on restrictive eating plans and constantly feeling deprived, mindfulness will teach you to eat healthily without any effort, so you learn to really enjoy your food. This is all done through the power of 'mindfulness': an easy-to-learn psychological technique that gives you the chance to be 'present' in the moment and take stock of the messages your body is telling you.
104 comments
1 video
172 shares Stay slim FOR EVER with the mindfulness diet
Scientists unlock mystery of why humans are the only primates with chins
A paper from the University of Florida is the latest attempt to explain exactly why humans - unlike all other primates - have chins.
351 comments
1 video
491 shares Scientists reveal why humans are the only primates that have chins
TOWIE's Frankie Essex in 'violent bust-up with ex-boyfriend which left him with wounds to the neck'
The TOWIE star is said to have accidentally caught her decorator partner John Lyons with a glass she was holding during a blazing row at home in Buckhurst Hill, Essex, last summer.
47 comments
1 video
21 shares TOWIE's Frankie Essex in 'violent bust-up with ex-boyfriend'
Our kids are banned from computers on weekdays, says Damian Lewis' wife: Helen McCrory says she worries technology will stop them being able to express themselves 
Miss McCrory and her husband, Wolf Hall star Damian Lewis, say they often sit their children down with a dictionary and a thesaurus to encourage them to think about words.
83 comments
1 video
16 shares Our kids are banned from computers on weekdays, says Helen McCrory
Heather Mills 'amazingly proud' as she sets new world record to become the fastest disabled female skier
She set the new world record last week in the Alpine resort of Vars cheered on by a tight-knit team of supporters.
17 comments
1 video
13 shares Heather Mills 'amazingly proud' as she sets new world ski record
Childhood friends who lost touch after spending years playing football together as boys are set to marry after reuniting when one became a woman
Christopher Dodd, 24, and Fay Purdham, 27, from South Bank in Middlesbrough, are now a couple, with the latter transitioning to become a woman at the age of 23 years after they lost touch. The pair grew up together as boys (Fay bottom right, Christopher top right) right but parted ways when Mr Dodd, a chemistry student, moved away. Meanwhile Miss Purdham, who was born Kevin, came out as gay and started taking hormones. They reunited at Mr Dodd's 21st birthday party after Miss Purdham had undergone gender reassignment surgery.
12 comments
26 shares Childhood friends marry after one becomes a woman
A glass of cranberry juice is packed with more sugar than cola: Officials warn some fruit drinks have more than a day's recommended intake in a single serving
Fruit juices made from so-called superfoods such as cranberries and pomegranates often have more sugar than a can of cola, officials have warned.
27 comments
1 video
66 shares A glass of cranberry juice is packed with more sugar than cola
Have babies early because it is better for you and the child, says City supermum
Fund manager Nicola Horlick, 54, said she felt a noticeable difference in her body between her first child at age 25 and her last at 38.
comments
21 shares Have babies early - it's better for you and child, says City supermum
Are you an emotional sweater, or do you steam up in the heat? We explain the reasons some of us perspire under stress while others are affected by temperature... and it's all down to genetics
As one in three women admit they would get armpit botox to combat sweating, FEMAIL explains the science behind sweating and why we perspire under different circumstances.
15 comments
1 video
9 shares Are you an emotional sweater, or do you steam up in the heat?
Rail ticket machines still don't give you the cheapest deals: Passengers could save a third by buying at a booking office despite code of practice being introduced 
Travellers could save as much as a third of the cost on some routes, simply by paying for their travel at a booking office or another ticket machine yards away but operated by a rival train company.
8 comments
4 shares Rail ticket machines still don't give you the cheapest deals
Single girl Cressie's having a wild time without you, Harry: Prince's ex twists and twirls in new video for Mulberry
As her acting career looks set to take off, trained dancer Cressida Bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single following her public split last year from Prince Harry. In a new interview to promote her role as Mulberry's new muse, Miss Bonas describes herself as a 'strong, independent woman'. The interview follows the release of a short film last month for the fashion house which features Miss Bonas dancing round an old court house and English country garden in a £1,800 dres (pictured). Miss Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years until last April and has since gone on to star in The Importance of Being Ernest at the London Oratory and will feature in her debut film -Harvey Weinstein's Tulip Fever - later this year.
97 comments
3 videos
37 shares Single girl Cressie's having a wild time without you, Harry
50 ways you can tell you're past it: You sit on the bed to put on tights, make-up makes you look OLDER and you hate having to stand in the shower 
Sandra Howard is 74-years-old but her brain thinks she's 18, she says she often surprises herself when looking in the mirror. Here she shares the 50 reasons why she thinks she's finally past it
75 comments
2 videos
94 shares 50 ways you can tell you're past it
From witch hazel and fruit acid-infusions to cucumber and gooseberry toner: The face wipes that are as good as a facial  
Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty routine but a new generation of wipes promises not only to remove mascara, but also to retexturise and brighten skin.
18 comments
1 video
17 shares The face wipes that are as good as a facial  
Newsagents will have to hide cigarette packs in cupboards from today as part of Government drive to stop people smoking
From now on, shopkeepers must conceal the packets in cupboards. And promotion must be limited to a price list, price labels on shelves, and plain posters saying 'cigarettes sold here'.
126 comments
44 shares Newsagents will have to hide cigarette packs in cupboards from today
Pensioners seven times more likely to get skin cancer than in the 1970s with rise of the package holiday thought to be to blame
Decades of cheap package holidays mean that thousands of retired people every year are paying with their health for sunburn they experienced in their youth.
19 comments
14 shares Pensioners seven times more likely to get skin cancer than in 1970s
COUNTDOWN TO ELECTION 2015
  Our crisis over Ivan by Dave and Sam: Marriage was pushed to breaking point by the strain of coping with disabled son
David Cameron has revealed that he and his wife Samantha (pictured left together with their son Ivan in 2008) were 'falling apart' with the pressure of trying to care for the youngster after he was born disabled. In an intensely personal interview, the Prime Minister (pictured top right with Ivan) revealed: 'We weren't falling out with each other, but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything.' His comments were echoed by his wife (pictured together bottom right this week) who, in a separate interview, said the stresses of looking after Ivan pushed their relationship close to 'breaking point'. Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits. He died aged six in 2009.
5 comments
1 video
22 shares Our crisis over Ivan by Dave and Sam
DOMINIC LAWSON: So very moving, but Cameron's words on his poor son do raise questions 
Samantha Cameron spoke touchingly about how Ivan's needs left the family almost at 'breaking point'. Her husband should do something to help others in the same situation.
comments
7 shares So moving, but Cameron's words on his poor son do raise questions 
It's immoral to keep spending and taxes high, says Cameron: Millions of families £200 better off from today 
More than nine in ten working households will receive a tax cut as the personal allowance rises from £10,000 to £10,600 today, which is nearly £17 a month, treasury analysis shows.
45 comments
1 video
9 shares It's immoral to keep spending and taxes high, says Cameron
'Happy Warrior' Ed's TV debate cribsheet: Miliband's motivational notes telling him to 'relish chance to show who I am'... and the scripted put-downs against his rivals
Labour leader Ed Miliband was reading from motivational notes during the leaders' televised debate - including one reminding him to be a 'happy warrior', it has emerged.
20 comments
1 video
3 shares 'Happy Warrior' Ed's TV debate sheet: Miliband's motivational notes
Half of Britons back Farage over HIV: Poll finds 50% agree that immigrants should not immediately receive free treatment when they arrive in the UK
Ukip leader Nigel Farage caused controversy at the televised leaders' debate last week by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in Britain.
comments
1 video
14 shares Half of Britons back Farage over HIV, poll finds
Sturgeon vows to make Miliband Prime Minister even if the Tories beat Labour to be largest party
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street' regardless of whether the Tories finished as the largest party next month.
704 comments
1 video
61 shares Sturgeon vows to make Miliband Prime Minister
PETER MCKAY: So who has stuck the knife into Sturgeon?
The Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon denies having said to the French ambassador, Sylvie Bermann, that she would prefer David Cameron to remain Prime Minister.
comments
1 video
4 shares PETER MCKAY: So who has stuck the knife into Sturgeon?
Labour and Tories clash over 45p top rate of tax after Osborne repeatedly says threshold is 'not one of our priorities' and he ducks calls to rule out cut to 40p 
George Osborne has avoided calls to rule out further help for the UK's top earners, offering vague answers when asked whether those raking in more than £50,000 could see the rate lowered.
130 comments
6 shares Labour and Tories clash over 45p top rate of tax
Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain say 70% of Britain's FTSE 100 business chiefs
The poll of FTSE 100 chairman has revealed overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain Prime Minister, despite the widespread business concern over his in-out EU referendum pledge.
179 comments
110 shares Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain say business chiefs
Bigs bunny! Darius the world's biggest rabbit who weighs almost four stone faces competition from another giant rival... his son Jeff
Darius (inset with Jeff) is currently the biggest rabbit in the world, measuring 4ft 4in and weighing a staggering three and a half stone. But now his son Jeff (pictured with his owner) is threatening to steal his title. The young bunny is already 3ft 8in and still has six months left of growing to do. Both rabbits are owned by Annette Edwards, of Worcestershire, who spends £5,000 a year feeding them.
8 comments
1 video
510 shares Darius the world's biggest rabbit facing competition from his son
Michael Jackson paid out £140m in hush money to as many as 20 sexual assault victims, say lawyers as two claimants prepare to sue the King Of Pop's estate
Wade Robson, pictured, and James Safechuck are expected to find out on Tuesday if they can bring a civil lawsuit against the estate of the late singer who they claim molested them as boys.
10 comments
359 shares Michael Jackson paid $200m to as many as 20 sexual assault victims
Fans warned to stay away from George Clooney and new wife Amal at their Lake Como villa... or face a £400 fine
A local mayor is warning fans they face fines if they disturb George Clooney and his wife Amal at their Lake Como villa. Legal notices posted in Italian threaten fines of up to 500 Euros for transgressors.
250 comments
1 video
388 shares Mayor says fans face fines if they disturb George Clooney in Lake Como
Devout Christian NHS worker launches appeal after being suspended for inviting a Muslim colleague to church
Victoria Wasteney, 38, says the findings of an employment tribunal were in conflict with her right to freedom of conscience and religion. She was disciplined for praying for a Muslim colleague.
724 comments
4k shares Devout Christian NHS worker after suspension for praying for colleague
NHS chiefs forced to fly to Australia to hire paramedics on £4,500 'golden hello' contracts because it's cheaper than training them in Britain 
Managers from the London Ambulance Service, the largest in the NHS, have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne after holding interviews at five-star hotels.
89 comments
49 shares NHS chiefs forced to fly to Australia to hire paramedics
Fashion illusions for every figure: From a trimmer waist to minimising big busts, it's all a trick of the eye
Optical illusions in fashion are a brilliant way to enhance the areas of your body that you want to show off, while at the same time downplaying those parts that you might be the most conscious of. Whether it is creating a defined waist, or flattering a fuller bust, prints and panels are one of the easiest ways to trick the eye. Left to right: slim your hips with floral-print side panels, horizontal stripes with white side panels let top-heavy woman wear a Breton design with a twist, create a nipped in waist with black side panels, diagonal stripes of varying widths and directions create the illusion of a narrow waist and colour block dresses with a high waist instantly lengthen legs and give you extra height.
22 comments
1 video
20 shares Fashion illusions for every figure - it's all a trick of the eye
Pensioner mortgages you pay off aged 105: Fears of buy-to-let boom as the elderly spend savings on houses
Nationwide is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan, meaning some pensioners are being offered mortgages that will only be paid off when they are 105.
72 comments
1 video
11 shares Pensioner mortgages you pay off aged 105
Half a million savers free to cash in their pension pots from MIDNIGHT tonight (but face shock tax bill if they do)
People aged 55 and over will be given new powers to decide what to do with their retirement savings and will no longer be forced to buy an annuity - which pays a monthly income for life.
190 comments
1 video
40 shares Half a million savers free to cash in their pension pots tomorrow
Christians should use non-violent resistance against jihadis, says Welby in Easter sermon following killing of 150 in Kenya
The Archbishop of Canterbury (left) also said the dead were 'martyrs'. He told his cathedral congregation that the killing of Christians over the past year had been a 'wicked' development.
13 comments
23 shares Christians should not use violence against jihadis, says Welby
Scared of spiders? That's so primitive: Urge to flee is part of deep-rooted instinct evolved from cavemen when creatures were much more poisonous
Dating back hundreds of thousands of years, the instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat, academics have suggested.
30 comments
1 video
36 shares Scared of spiders? That's so primitive
Poundland founder gave his parents £25million when he sold the company... and now his wife gives HIM pocket money
Steve Smith, 52, who lives in a £6.5million mansion in Shropshire, opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent in 1990 and sold the firm 10 years later for £50million, giving his parents half of the profits. He said he wanted to repay his father's initial loan of £50,000 which helped him start the multi-million company. Despite his wealth, Mr Smith receives daily 'pocket money' of £10 to £20 from his wife because he admits he will spend cash if he has it on him.
78 comments
1 video
19 shares How Poundland founder gave parents £25million when he sold the company
New breed of superbugs which are resistant to antibiotics could kill 80,000 Britons in one outbreak as scientists warn even catching flu could have 'serious' impact
Figures issued by the Cabinet Office warn that previously effective antibiotic drugs will become useless in the face of resistant bugs, causing a surge in the number of illnesses.
10 comments
1 video
13 shares New breed of superbugs could kill 80,000 in outbreak
Return trip: Honest cabbie hands back £10,000 cash to passenger who left it in the back of his taxi 
Mohammed Nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the car without his rucksack which had £10,000 in cash inside.
15 comments
34 shares Honest cabbie hands back £10,000 cash to passenger
From personalised stationary and healthy chocolate to old-fashioned garden games: The products that will make your week
Now is the perfect time to head out into the garden, enjoy the weather and indulge in a good old-fashioned game of croquet or keep in touch with friends with some personalised stationary.
12 comments
3 shares Bits and Pieces: The products that will make your week
Wrinkle-buster than beats bad hair days... and it will work wonders in your home too
Dry air generated by radiators can have unwanted side-effects, from damaging furniture to accelerating wrinkles. A humidifier will pump moisture into the air and solve these problems.
8 comments
9 shares Wrinkle-buster than beats bad hair days
Did my dead son's spirit come back as a bird to guide me in my loneliest hour? Presenter Paul Heiney believes his lost child's spirit helped him complete epic sea voyage 
After the death his son Nicholas (pictured left on a boat) who took his own life at the age of 23, Paul Heiney (right when Nicholas was a child with his mother Libby Purves and sister Rosie and also inset), embarked on a round-the-world sailing trip to overcome his grief. Here, in the final extract from his beautiful and moving book, he recounts how he completed the journey helped, he feels, by his lost child's spirit in the form of a soaring white bird.
comments
1 video
6 shares The brilliant son I lost by Paul Heiney
Row over £175 million garden bridge across the Thames as campaigners blast 'misuse of public funds' for 'vanity project'
Local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme ahead of a crucial judicial review next month into approval of the scheme.
97 comments
26 shares Row over £175 million garden bridge across the Thames
Mystery Easter Bunny leaves chocolate eggs on the doorstep of every house in Dorset village of 3,000 people 
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset awoke on Easter Sunday to discover a mystery benefactor had left a foil-covered Easter egg outside every home in the picturesque village.
10 comments
13 shares Mystery Easter Bunny delivers 3,000 eggs to every home in a village
Half a million savers free to cash in their pension pots from MIDNIGHT tonight (but face shock tax bill if they do)
People aged 55 and over will be given new powers to decide what to do with their retirement savings and will no longer be forced to buy an annuity - which pays a monthly income for life.
190 comments
1 video
40 shares Half a million savers free to cash in their pension pots tomorrow
Boy, 14, and girl, 16, arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism 
The 14-year-old boy, from Blackburn, and the girl, 16, from Manchester, were arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism.
170 shares Boy, 14, and girl, 16, arrested on suspicion on terrorism offences
'Unemployed' James May hosts shepherd's pie home cooking masterclass on YouTube as part of new amateur web series
The TopGear presenter has created a mini series for YouTube entitled JM's Unemployed Tube and for a second upload he filmed himself making a shepherd's pie in his kitchen at home. The BBC presenter's future with the motoring programme remains uncertain.
73 comments
3 videos
41 shares James May hosts home cooking masterclass on YouTube
Jeremy Clarkson agrees to 'keep quiet' about being sacked by the BBC so the Top Gear live shows can go ahead 'in good spirits' 
Clarkson will keep quiet on his sacking so the global tour of the motoring show can go ahead, meaning tens of thousands of fans who had booked tickets will not be left disappointed.
387 comments
2 videos
119 shares Jeremy Clarkson to 'keep quiet' on BBC so Top Gear live show can go on
How many layers of bureaucracy does it take to write a joke? Comedy editor reveals BBC is now so touchy gags sometimes even have to get rubber stamped by Director General 
Chris Sussman, executive editor for comedy, revealed particular jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved - including some being seen by Lord Hall (left). It comes after a 'difficult few years'.
67 comments
8 shares BBC is cautious about jokes, comedy editor reveals
Energy drinks 'fuelling pupils' bad behaviour': Union chief says excessive consumption is causing 'hyperactivity'
Some children drink 'excessive' amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless, causing 'hyperactivity' and an 'inevitable crash' later, according to the NASUWT teachers' union.
22 comments
21 shares Energy drinks 'fuelling pupils' bad behaviour'
Labour 'snubs OAP for backing Ukip': Councillor under investigation after 'refusing to deal with constituent because he backed "racist" party' 
Alan Roberts received the response from Ben Grower (left), a councillor in Bournemouth, after complaining about fly-tipping. Mr Grower said any further emails would be deleted.
142 comments
153 shares Labour councillor 'didn't help constituent because he backed Ukip'
Redheads rule! Prince Harry shares a laugh with fans at his only public appearance on his Australian tour of duty 
Prince Harry (pictured) has touched down in Canberra to begin his four-week secondment with Australian Defence Force. The Prince arrived in the Australian capital on a Royal Australian Air Force jet and travelled straight to the Australian War Memorial (he is pictured top right placing a poppy on the Remembrance Wall) to make the only official public appearance of his month-long visit. Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd waiting in the rain outside the Australian War Memorial, all keen to catch a glimpse of the visiting royal. Captain Wales spent time posing for photos and chatting with fans - including a very excited 12-year-old boy called Ethan (inset) who was holding a sign saying 'Red Heads Rule!'.
266 comments
3 videos
1.8k shares Prince Harry lands in Sydney to begin month-long deployment Down Under
Boy, 6, who broke teacher's arm and another who had finger severed among growing number of attacks on staff by violent pupils
The NASUWT union has revealed at its annual conference in Cardiff, South Wales, that indiscipline is a 'significant problem' at schools, with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched.
11 comments
7 shares Boy, 6, who broke teacher's arm as number of attacks on staff grows
Storm as National Trust boss vows to go to war on global warming: Charity warned not to meddle in politics after its pledge to step up attempt to tackle climate change  
Dame Helen Ghosh yesterday set out how the organisation would actively campaign to slow the pace of global warming. She insisted its charitable status should not stop it taking a stance.
16 comments
4 shares Storm as National Trust boss vows to go to war on global warming
The Grand National? It's all luck: 40% of those who plan to have a punt on Saturday's race will choose their horse based solely on its name 
Seven out of ten female punters rely on pot luck when choosing a horse for Saturday's Grand National at Aintree according to a new survey of more than 2,000 people, with £500 million being waged on the race.
11 comments
1 video
2 shares 40% of Grand National punters chose a horse because of its name
JANE FRYER: Sex? Drugs? No thanks. Brian May wants to kick the selfish and corrupt out of politics and replace them with 'decent' people
For a gnarly old 'rock god', Brian May is surprisingly soft and gentle. His voice is soporific - slow and measured. Perfectly suited to reading bedtime stories.
25 comments
1 video
29 shares Sex? Drugs? No thanks. Meet the rock god who wants us to be 'decent' 
After her £900 bag, now benefits mother of 11 who claims £39,000 a year is planning a holiday to Vegas  
Cheryl Prudham, 33, is splurging the money on a 'no-expense spared' jaunt to the U.S where she will 'remarry' her 30-year-old husband Robert. The pair were photographed this week visiting their local branch of the Thomson travel agent in Kent (pictured right). It comes just weeks after the mother of 11, who claims almost £40,000 a year in benefits, was seen splashing out on a £900 Mulberry handbag (bottom right and modeled, above).
1k comments
4.3k shares Shameless benefits couple with 12 children plan £10,000 wedding in LA
Teachers are having to feed children arriving at school hungry and cold in a return to 'Victorian conditions'
Schools and teachers are increasingly having to deal with children turning up without socks or coats and having missed breakfast, the teaching union NASUWT said.
1.8k comments
1 video
1.1k shares Teachers are having to feed children arriving at school hungry
Why we have just 4 species of flower in our gardens: Homeowners increasingly using outdoor space for relaxing and barbecues  
These days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers, according to researchers.
3 comments
4 shares Why we have just 4 species of flower in our gardens
Femail Latest Headlines Femail More... Stay slim FOR EVER with the mindfulness diet: It's the proven way to train your brain to resist...
Travel Latest Headlines Travel More... Wish you were us? This impossibly beautiful couple's travel snaps will always trump yours (no...
Science Latest Headlines Science More... Large Hadron Collider starts up again after being stopped for two years of upgrade work - and...
Sport Football Premier League More... Charlie Adam from his own half, Zamora's deft outside of the boot lob, Rooney's swivel and...
  That's what friends are for! Duckling grooms lamb's coat          
Bing
Site Web Enter search term: Search
    DON'T MISS
Jake Quickenden has MOVED IN with Carl Fogarty's daughter Danielle after meeting her three months ago at I'm A Celeb party He has taken things to the next level
Is that REALLY suitable for church? Kendall Jenner bares midriff in crop top for Easter service... then posts naked bunny snap Her Sunday best
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West take North to church as they celebrate Easter with Kourtney, Khloe and Kendall All dressed in white, the colour of purity
Tyga puts on a public show of togetherness with Kylie Jenner as they take his son King to church with her family But they're saying nothing
Dan Osborne dresses his two children Teddy and Ella in matching Easter bunny outfits... as Jacqueline Jossa has first meeting with his son Little cuties
Danielle Lloyd boasts an exceptionally dark tan in Liverpool as she puts on a leggy display in a pastel playsuit Seriously leggy display
'How can I stay if you're not here?' Chloe Sims agrees to move to Marbella with Elliott Wright as they rekindle romance in TOWIE season finale Leaving to be with him
'It's you I dream of at the altar': Lydia Bright and James Argent are BACK ON and reveal wedding plans in explosive TOWIE finale He confessed in a heartfelt letter
No over-indulgence here! TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong displays her enviable abs in a tiny crop top and low-rise jeans at Easter The TOWIE beauty is body-confident 
'I wish we hadn't finished things': TOWIE's Jessica Wright and Dan Edgar are back together after she reveals regret over break-up Giving it another go
Chloe Sims is full of confidence as she shows off her ample assets in steamy new lingerie shoot Shows off colourful lingerie and her incredible body
I'm lightning on my feet! Taylor Swift races younger brother Austin in a VERY heated Easter egg hunt at home in Nashville Easter fun
EXCLUSIVE: Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Martin take off on a private jet... after his Mexican holiday with ex Gwyneth The pair are 'back on'
'New additions to the family!' Gwyneth Paltrow adopts two new members on Easter... but they're just pet bunnies Treated her children 
Egging him on! David Beckham and son Brooklyn share pictures of their Easter hunt... as Victoria gets her bake on at home You're never too old for an chocolate bunny hunt 
Harry Styles slips off from the band's world tour to meet underprivileged children in South Africa Doing some charity work
SPOILER ALERT:  Is this the moment Sharon Mitchell FINALLY comes face to face with her birth father in EastEnders? It has been weeks
Feeling fresh? Rosie Huntington-Whiteley goes grocery shopping with Jason Statham ...after partying the night away with Orlando Bloom
He's part of the family! Kris Jenner's toyboy Corey Gamble joins the Kardashian clan at church  Went for Easter service
Girls who got their looks from daddy: After Lily-Rose Depp stunned at a NY fashion show, how many other celebrity daughters are just like their famous dads
Single girl Cressie's having a wild time without you, Harry: Actress twists and twirls in new video to promote Mulberry handbags She's happier single
'Lets all calm down!' Kylie Jenner defends herself after neon photos spark accusations she's used 'blackface' Some believed the teen had donned 'blackface'
Miranda Kerr spoils son Flynn with a whimsical Easter and finishes the special day off with a chocolate treat...for herself!
Princess Mary's close friend Danish model Caroline Fleming to star in 'trashy' reality show Ladies Of London...called 'the biggest celebrity catfight ever caught on camera'
'Bump feels big today' Pregnant Helen Flanagan wears denim dress for proud selfie...before showing off new clothes She's seven months pregnant
Bob Geldof 'to marry in the same church where funerals for daughter Peaches and ex wife Paula Yates took place' Near his home in Faversham, Kent 
Hollyoaks beauty Stephanie Waring parades her incredible legs in thigh-skimming dress as she leads glamour at star studded party Tanned and leggy
Fans warned to stay away from George Clooney and new wife Amal at their Lake Como villa... or face a £400 fine They lapped up the attention six months ago
What a transformation! Newly-slim Chantelle Houghton shows off her impressive weight loss in black skinny jeans and leather jacket The yo-yo dieter unveiled her new size 10 figure 
Heartbroken Thomas Cohen 'finds support from Peaches Geldof's friend Georgia Keeling' one year after star's tragic death
'Waiting for the Easter bunny!' Mariah Carey shows she's a great mum as she preps for the holiday... following slams from her estranged husband Nick Cannon 
SPOILER ALERT: Things are heating up! Sarah-Louise Platt shares steamy kiss with shirtless bad boy Callum Logan on Coronation Street
'A girl dressed scantily is not a s***': Exhibitionist Gabi Grecko defends her naked social media posts saying women are brainwashed to think nude is sexual
'Kieran doesn't mind what size they are': Katie Price reveals reducing her boobs to a 32B has given her a huge confidence boost Finally happy with her chest
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Poldark's Demelza is back in the saddle - but she's swapping her trusty nag for a bicycle Now filming edgy drama 
Made In Chelsea's Emma Miller sets pulses racing as she steps out in skintight leather trousers and flashes bra beneath mesh top
Thomas Cohen steps out with close friend Georgia Keeling as she lends him support ahead of the anniversary of wife Peaches Geldof's tragic death
'I'm promoting breastfeeding': Doutzen Kroes shares a photo of herself pumping milk on Instagram She's taking a stand
'There's a bunny in my bed!' Molly Sims dresses her newborn up while Gisele's brood hunt eggs as celebs celebrate Easter Celebs are celebrating Easter just like their fans
Heather Mills 'amazingly proud' as she sets new world record to become the fastest disabled female skier She set the new world record last week
SPOILER ALERT: Emmerdale's James Barton spends the night with ex-wife Emma after arguing with girlfriend Chas Dingle Pair are getting closer...
'Happy Easter!' Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon put their differences aside as they unite for an egg hunt with the twins They've been divorcing since December
Do you even lift? Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in striped shirt as he jets into LAX from Zoolander 2 set in Rome Welcome to the gun show
Tears, tears and MORE tears! Emotions run high for Chloe Sims and Lydia Bright during the season finale of ITV's The Only Way Is Essex Plenty of drama
'There are other women who remove items of clothing on Game Of Thrones': Emilia Clarke on nudity, blonde wigs and dragons
'Unemployed' James May hosts shepherd's pie home cooking masterclass on YouTube as part of new amateur web series He filmed himself making a shepherd's pie
Britney Spears' sons Sean and Jayden hit the park for some skateboarding as they spend Spring Break with mum Family fun
Liv Tyler sets up an Easter Egg hunt then relaxes poolside with a mimosa with Dave Gardner and their three sons in Miami Quality family time
'Our little bunny rabbit': Sam and Billie Faiers share a precious moment with smiley baby Nelly in her novelty Easter ears New mum Billie couldn't resist 
Back to reality: Perrie Edwards looks downcast as she takes her dogs to the vets after returning from romantic holiday with fiance Zayn Malik Back in London
Trying to beat the baggage charges? Jared Leto wears bizarre layered outfit as he jets in to Toronto to film Suicide Squad
Heavily pregnant Abbey Clancy shows off her burgeoning baby bump in tight black blouse and chic maxi skirt as she goes shopping with daughter Sophia
One Direction fans' fury as US talk show host Bill Maher compares Zayn Malik to Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev
'There wasn't enough money!' David Lynch pulls out of the Showtime reboot of his cult classic Twin Peaks Left the project
TOWIE's Frankie Essex in 'violent bust-up with ex-boyfriend which left him with wounds to the neck' 'Accidentally caught John Lyons with a glass she was holding'
Ex On The Beach star Jess Impiazzi covers up a little in nude and black midi dress as she heads to Nicki Minaj gig Slightly more demure
Something to smile about? Selma Blair is in a happy mood as she hits the farmers market with mystery man The smile says it all?
Redheads rule! Prince Harry shakes hands and shares a laugh with fans as he wins over crowds at his only public appearance on his Australian tour of duty 
Short and sweet! Mischa Barton flashes her legs in a lace black dress as she party hops in Los Angeles Lovely in lace
'Freezing into spring chickens!' Lindsay Lohan spends Easter undergoing cryotherapy in an icelab at -230F She must be chilly
TOWIE's Lydia Bright puts on a leggy display in shimmery blue dress on night out with girlfriends... as she appears to confirm romance with on/off beau Arg in new selfie
Home...and Away! Aussie actress Lynne McGranger flies across the world to see her Emmerdale soap star friend Michelle Hardwick marry partner Rosie Nicholl
Stacey Solomon and boyfriend Steve-O stroll hand-in-hand as they step out for Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway  Interesting match
Hot on the trail: Stunning Kendall Jenner, 19, flashes cleavage while out hiking with Will Smith's son Jaden and pals in Malibu
The BBC's singing contest fails to find a worthy winner yet again. The final of The Voice UK 2015 was another deadly dull disaster, says JIM SHELLEY 
Check mates! Jordana Brewster and her son Julian dress in tune with each other and step out for a family lunch as Furious 7 tops the box office
Mummy's little girls! Sarah Jessica Parker styles her twin daughters in pretty spring dresses for an outing in NYC Family time with the five-year-olds
Millie Mackintosh and Professor Green go hand-in-hand as they enjoy a rare London date night together The couple tucked into food at pop-up street market Hawker House 
That's one cute little bunny! Tamara Ecclestone gets into the Easter spirit as she dresses up daughter Sophia in a fluffy pink rabbit costume Doting mother
Stylish as ever: Mollie King shows off her legs in pink miniskirt as she enjoys a night out with male pal The Saturdays singer was at Bodo's Schloss in London on Saturday 
Chloe Goodman oozes sex appeal as she puts cleavage, side booty and taut tum on display in seriously racy underwear shoot... after complaining about her 'jelly belly'
Back to reality! Jessica Alba flaunts her enviable figure in tight-fitting gym gear as she heads to yoga class after long holiday in the Caribbean 
Working on the booty! Khloe Kardashian squats 100lb at the gym... after revealing her weight loss secrets Revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months 
Kelly Brook highlights her slender legs in skintight leather trousers as she opts for unusually androgynous look for night out in London 
Babymoon! Liv Tyler celebrates the birth of her newest son by relaxing poolside with her partner Dave Gardner and her boys Little Sailor Gardner is already a jet setter
Chelsee Healey wears Moschino branded outfit and red strappy sandals to join celebrity pals for brunch in Liverpool Come on you reds
Lily Collins displays her lean legs in ripped Daisy Dukes as she enjoys casual day of furniture shopping in sunny Los Angeles Because she can
Can Stevie McCrorie break The Voice winners' curse? As BBC talent show crowns its new champion, we take a look at what previous Voice winners are doing now
Jessie J looks sexy in bra top and dungarees to shoot music video in Los Angeles... but tweets that she wishes she was at home Homesick?
Tonight's season finale of The Only Way Is Essex has so many storylines we've seen before it's like an orange version of Groundhog Day, says JIM SHELLEY
You can't sit with us! Gwyneth Paltrow plans to 'bulldoze over Hustler Hollywood' ...to build a swanky private members club
Packing on the PDA! Michael Fassbender gives girlfriend Alicia Vikander a lingering kiss as they're reunited in New York The actor was spotted in Soho, New York
Another day, another hike! Lea Michele shows off her toned limbs in tiny printed shorts as she heads out on daily fitness session with boyfriend Matthew Paetz
'It's not true': Lindsay Lohan slams reports which claim she is in a relationship with TOWIE newcomer Jake Hall  She must be a fan of the show
Hitting the shops before treading the boards: Make-up free Amanda Seyfried catches up on her errands as she prepares to make stage debut
Vince Vaughn goes shirtless as he shows off his muscular physique in desert photo shoot Edgy desert-based photo shoot in Palmdale, California
Life is rosy! TOWIE's Jessica Wright slips into cleavage baring blush pink dress as she enjoys girls' night out with fellow co-stars Lauren Pope and Ferne McCann
Josh Duhamel kicks up his heels as he enjoys a New Orleans night out with Malin Akerman and their Beyond Deceit co-stars
'He will be missed': Rob Zombie announces that indie horror actor Tom Towles has passed away at the age 65 Pair worked together on several projects
She's so EGGcited! Kim Kardashian makes last-minute preparations for an impressive Easter celebration Hard at work
That's some fancy footwear! Adrien Brody is overshadowed by girlfriend Lara Lieto's thigh-high boots Met Lara Lieto at Cannes 
You're not Down Under any more! 5 Seconds of Summer 'kicked out of Hollywood bar for being underage' Cops said to have asked them to leave
Princesses in Palma! Spain's King Felipe and Queen Letizia are joined by daughters Sofia and Leonor to celebrate Easter mass on the island of Mallorca
Time for a touch up! Debra Messing fixes her makeup as she takes son Roman to ice hockey game for his birthday treat Saw New York Rangers
Yes, I lost John Lennon to another woman... but it WASN'T Yoko: More than 25 years ago, the Beatle's former wife Cynthia shared a secret. Only now can it be told...
Jennifer Aniston dresses down in army trousers and aviators as she hits members club Soho House The 46-year-old actress was spotted in West Hollywood on Friday
Shanina Shaik looks exhausted as she pushes her baggage trolley through Sydney Airport after the Victoria's Secret model's plane is delayed
Happier without Harry: After splitting up with the Prince last spring, Cressida Bonas says she's 'definitely single' and enjoying her blossoming career in acting
One hot mama! Nicole Trunfio shows off washboard stomach and lean legs embracing hippy chic in tiny suede shorts less than THREE months after giving birth
He's been shaken and stirred! James Bond star Daniel Craig taken to hospital during break from filming of Spectre to repair knee injury Gone to have surgery to fix damage on his knee
What a knockout! Emily Ratajkowski looks glamorous as ever in silk tangerine slip dress at boxing event The Gone Girl actress was a total knockout
One Direction halt concert halfway through after fans topple security barrier and faint during crush The band put a halt to their sold out Dubai gig halfway through
So Hot Right Now! Rita Ora stands out in black lace skirt and mesh top at The Voice wrap party... as Tom Jones says he 'wants singer to return to the panel next year'
Gwyneth Paltrow cuts a happy figure in a pretty printed skirt after returning home from Mexico break with estranged husband Chris Martin
Feeling festive! Skye Wheatley celebrates Easter by showing off her recent boob job in a skimpy bunny costume Skye Wheatley didn't waste the opportunity to dress up 
The nation loses a fireman and gains a wedding singer thanks to The Voice. But it won't be long before Stevie McCrorie is back at work, says JIM SHELLEY
Welcome to Walford! Former Doctor Who star Bonnie Langford to join EastEnders as Kush's pushy mum Carmel Kazemi The actress is set to join EastEnders in June
Keri Russell enjoys Easter family day out with on and off screen lover Matthew Rhys in New York Hid behind shades
Lust! Betrayal! Dragons! Game Of Thrones has the highest body count on TV! Britain's most talked-about series is going into battle again
Ricky Wilson's protégé Stevie McCrorie is crowned winner of The Voice after beating Will.i.am's opera singer Lucy O'Byrne in grand finale 
'Vittys in our veinzzzz!' Miley Cyrus gets a health boost from vitamin IV drip in bizarre new set of Instagram photos The therapy is said to hydrate the body quickly
Would YOU measure up to Sienna? Advert for bottled water demands star's yoga-bending body double has her precise statistics (only 33-25-35s need apply!) 
VIDEO
WATCH: TODAY'S TOP VIDEOS
1
2
3
Watch video
Scaredy cat meets newest member of the family for first time (related)
Watch video
Cat stuck in wall for FIVE years at Cairo train station is finally freed
Watch video
CCTV captures moment dogs walk away after horrific attack on disabled cat
Watch video
Shark swims close to the shore as holiday makers watch on at Papamoa Beach, New...
Watch video
Unsuspecting swimmers get a shock when a hammerhead shark sneaks up on them
Watch video
Beyonce dedicates new song on Instagram to Jay Z for seventh anniversary
Watch video
Hailey Baldwin, Kendall Jenner, Willow and Jaden Smith playfully dance it out
Watch video
James May tries out new career move as celebrity chef with Shepard's Pie
Watch video
Lu Lu and Xi Mei the giant pandas have set the record for longest mating...
Watch video
The best of friends! Lamb enjoys a good old clean from baby duck
Lady Louise joins the Easter parade... but what was that thing perched on mum's head? Countess of Wessex's feathered hat is not fly-away style winner as royals attend traditional service
The Queen, dressed in a bright blue coat dress, right, was joined by many of her family members as she made her way by car to St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle for a traditional Easter service. Joining Her Majesty were her granddaughters Princess Beatrice, who also came in a striking blue hat, and Lady Louise Windsor, who walked close to her mother Sophie, Countess of Wessex. However, absent from the service were the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who are eagerly awaiting the birth of their second child later this month.
1.9k comments
2 videos
2.8k shares The Queen leads royals at traditional Easter service
That's a lot of shillings! Poldark craze sparks interest in Cornish property with stunning views of the sea and two cottages connected by a lift... but it will set you back £3million
Since the hit BBC series started airing estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the beachfront property, overlooking an ancient smugglers' cove, near Portreath.
83 comments
4 videos
107 shares Poldark's popularity sparks interest in holiday homes in Cornwall
Scientists reveal which MUSIC will make your food taste better: The Beatles are perfect for fish and chips... and Pavarotti does wonders to a chocolate mousse
Research suggests that certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet, salty and bitter - in a range of foods. The so-called digital seasoning also works to help wine drinkers.
75 comments
3.2k shares Psychologists discover music that helps enhance the enjoyment of food
Mother of four from Birmingham stranded in Tenerife after thieves stole her passport ID during family holiday and 'Ryanair staff refused to fly her home in case she was an illegal immigrant'
Loushanna and Shawn Craig, from Erdington, had gone away to the island for a three-day break, but they were marooned on the island for up to two weeks after her biometric ID was stolen.
22 comments
16 shares Mother stranded in Tenerife after thieves stole her passport ID
Does NOBODY care how oxbow lakes are formed? Geography graduate has applied for 500 jobs since 2002... but can't find a permanent role
Geography graduate Huw Davies, 34, of Merthyr Tydfil, has applied for more than 500 jobs - but has not been called for a single interview. He has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years since graduating from the University of Glamorgan in 2002. As well as his BSc (hons) degree, Mr Davies says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
1.7k comments
1 video
1.4k shares Geography graduate has applied for 500 jobs but still can't get a job
Can Stevie McCrorie break The Voice winners' curse? As BBC talent show crowns its new champion, we take a look at what previous winners are doing now
Where are they now? Previous winners of The Voice UK Leanne Mitchell, Andrea Begley and Jermain Jackman have missed the megastar mark despite getting a leg-up from celebrity mentors including Tom Jones, Will.i.am and Danny O'Donoghue. But can 2015 winner Stevie McCrorie do any better and match the success of Simon Cowell's X Factor contestants? (Pictured clockwise from left: Stevie McCrorie, Leanne Mitchell with Tom Jones, Andrea Begley and Jermaine Jackman)
312 comments
1 video
20 shares Can Stevie McCrorie break The Voice UK's winners' curse?
Seven-year-old boy is raped by two youths and set on fire in latest sickening Indian sex attack
A seven-year-old boy was raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food. The incident took place in Padma Nagar in the city of Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai, police said yesterday.
26 comments
109 shares Boy, 7, raped and set on fire but somehow managed to escape in India
U.S. husband and father-of-three DIES after he is hit by mortar shrapnel in Yemen
Jamal al-Labani, a gas station owner from Oakland, California, was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's 2 1/2-year-old daughter when he was killed.
comments
4 shares American DIES after he is hit by mortar shrapnel in Yemen
Grandmother died trying to call for help on phone she kept for emergencies... which Vodafone had disconnected because she had not used it for so long
Sheila Secker, 78, from York, had not used her pay-as-you-go phone for any chargeable services over several months, so Vodafone retired her number without warning.
87 comments
204 shares Grandmother died trying to call for help on phone she kept for emergencies... which Vodafone had disconnected because she had not used it for so long
British fashion tycoon behind celebrity favourite brand Kitson being sued for $1million after allegedly swearing at staff in LA branch
Fraser Ross, who founded the fashion brand and is from Aberdeen, allegedly swore at employees at a Kitson store run by another company in Los Angeles Airport.
2 comments
13 shares Tycoon behind celebrity favourite Kitson caught in $1m legal wrangle
The controversial rich kids of Mexico: Elite offspring who repeatedly embarrass their parents... who run the country 
Teens and young adults from Mexico use social media and selfies to show off their wealth (pictured). They are known as Mirreyes and are members of Mexican high society. One such individual, Jorge Alberto L?pez Amores dove off a yacht in 2014 and likely died. Households in Mexico take in an average of $12,850 per year after taxes. An expert said: ' The economic wealth Mirreyes use is the main marker of class'
260 comments
1 video
231 shares Rich kids of Mexican elite - Mirreyes- show their wealth on Instagram
Kenyan soldiers took seven hours to respond to university massacre that left almost 150 slaughtered, it has emerged
Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa, some 225miles from the capital, to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university, but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon.
15 comments
3 videos
292 shares Kenyan soldiers took seven hours to respond to university massacre that left almost 150 slaughtered, it has emerged
Giant pandas in China set a new record for longest recorded mating session... lasting 18 minutes and three seconds 
Two giant pandas, male Lu Lu and female Panda Xi Mei, have set the record for the species' longest mating session ever - 18 minutes and three seconds - at a research centre in China.
254 comments
1 video
3.5k shares Giant pandas in China set record for mating sessions
Prescott publishes infamous Prince Charles 'spider letters' and insists future King should write 'as many as he damn well likes'
The former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers and insisted he had 'a lot to offer this country'.
182 comments
13 shares Prince Charles backed by Labour peer John Prescott
One Direction halt concert halfway through after fans topple security barrier and faint during crush
The band had to put a halt to their sold out Dubai gig halfway through and refused to go back on stage until they were convinced the fans were not in danger.
96 comments
1 video
335 shares One Direction halt Dubai concert halfway through amid safety fears
Anti-Islam protests in Australia turn violent after demonstrators clash with anti-racism activists who burn the country's flag
Police were forced to separate anti-Islam protesters and their opponents in Melbourne after clashes turned ugly and several people had to be treated by paramedics due to their injuries. The protests also saw the Australian flag in Sydney burned, bottom right, while in Brisbane, far right leader Pauline Hanson, top right, addressed the crowds.
6 comments
1 video
418 shares Violent scenes at Australian anti-Islam protests
Calls for Easter weekend dates to be fixed so it falls at the same time every year amid claims it would be a boost for the economy 
Ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15, so businesses in the UK can plan holiday rotas in advance and allow the travel industry to prepare for summer.
360 comments
1 video
73 shares Calls for Easter weekend dates to be fixed
Ryanair bans duty free booze on notorious party flight from Glasgow to Ibiza after rowdy behaviour sparks concerns about passenger safety
Passengers' hand luggage will be searched before they board the plane, and anyone caught trying to sneak duty free booze into the cabin risks being kicked off the flight without a refund or compensation.
159 comments
360 shares Ryanair bans booze on notorious party flight from Prestwick to Ibiza
Osborne pledges 1980s-style property 'revolution' to help 500,000 first time buyers onto the housing ladder every year by 2020
Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time buyers who moved into their first home. The Chancellor wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
236 comments
1 video
30 shares Osborne pledges 1980s-style property 'revolution'
Is George Galloway still a thing? Brewery sees spike in sales after bizarre Twitter spat with teetotal politician
The row started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewery asked him if he was 'still a thing'.
18 comments
83 shares Brewery sales increase after bizarre Twitter spat with George Galloway
I can't swim! Woman rescued after falling from a boat on Easter Sunday - the hottest day of the year 
The woman, who was with three friends, is believed to have lost her footing and fallen from the deck after her punt hit another boat. She disappeared under the waters of the Cam several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced. Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out. She was bundled into her rescuers' punt by her friends and could be seen holding her head in her hands. Meanwhile, Britons were given their first taste of spring with temperatures reaching nearly 21C - marking the hottest day of the year so far.
170 comments
1 video
476 shares Spring arrives for Easter
Why this 180-yard stretch of scrubby bushes is about to become 'the most expensive hedge in Warwickshire': Retired businessman takes St John's College, Oxford to court over boundary that dates back to 1686 
In a court case likely to cost £150,000, St John's College, Oxford and a retired architect, 74, have been locked in a battle over an unkempt hedgerow between their land in Warwickshire.
108 comments
8 shares 180-yard bushes about to become 'most expensive hedge in Warwickshire'
Mothers' fury after daughters are targeted by online predator and police say they can not act as 'no offence was committed' 
Both Lesley Conman and Kerry Green's young daughters, from East Yorkshire, were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on Facebook - but police did not take any action.
15 comments
115 shares Mothers' fury after daughters are targeted by online predator
Cameron says Britain should 'feel proud that this is a Christian country' as he hails Church as a 'living, active force for good'
David Cameron has hailed the Church as a "living active force doing great works" for the poor and homeless in an Easter message which urged Britain to be 'proud' of the country's Christian roots.
532 comments
1 video
1.5k shares PM says Britain should 'feel proud that this is a Christian country'
Mother diagnosed with dementia at 41 fears she will forget her teenage daughter as doctors say her mind will deteriorate in just five years
Kelly Watson, 41, of Gateshead, who was diagnosed with dementia at 41 is living in fear she will forget her teenage daughter, Holly, 17, as doctors say her condition will worsen in five years.
6 comments
196 shares Mother with dementia at 41 fears she will forget her teenage daughter
Newborn baby in need of life-saving transplant is saved by mother's twin sister who donated part of her own liver to save her tiny niece 
Star Reader (top right) was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born in Barnsley, West Yorkshire. After undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked, her parents, Jade Reader (left, far left) and Matthew Bygrave, were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive. With neither parent a suitable match, her maternal aunt Shanell Reader (left), 24, offered part of her organ.
3 comments
1 video
8 shares Baby saved by mother's twin sister with liver transplant
Red squirrels appear to be making a come back after finally returning to one of Britain's most stunning beauty spots after 16 years
Native reds have been almost wiped out, except for a few pockets in the north of England, the Isle of Wight and Scotland. But now, reds have been spotted in Windermere, in the Lake District.
60 comments
1 video
181 shares Red squirrels appear to be making a come back
From erotic literature to Native American religion: New York hotel inspired by Dewey Decimal System is every bibliophile's dream
With more than 6,000 books at guests' fingertips, each floor at the Library Hotel is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System's major categories, with each room decorated according to a genre.
18 comments
592 shares New York hotel designs rooms according to Dewey Decimal System
Police believe mother suffering post natal depression stabbed her British husband and two children to death before taking her own life in murder which has shocked Gibraltar
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, 'suffered from post-natal depression' when she allegedly stabbed John Joseph Shannon, 31, and her two children to death in Gibraltar last month.
5 comments
19 shares Mother suffering post natal depression is thought to have killed her husband and two children including six week old baby before taking her own life in Gibraltar
Young mum left in a wheelchair for life after catching an infection from a friend's makeup brush that she borrowed to cover a PIMPLE 
Jo Gilchrist, 27, will spend months recovering in a Brisbane hospital after she was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine.
comments
1 video
32 shares Mum left in wheelchair after catching infection from makeup brush
Party whip: Liberal Democrat campaigner exposed as dominatrix who used party HQ for her bondage porn business 
Former Lib Dem councillor Michelle Gent (left, and inset in a poster for one of her films), 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for roles in her sordid film The Exorcist Chronicles. The campaigner directed and starred in violent movies (film poster, right) featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online.
17 comments
714 shares Lib Dem campaigner used party HQ for bondage porn business
Soft snout of a Labrador. King Charles Spaniel ears and the tail of an Irish Setter: Britain's ideal dog revealed 
Voted for by thousands of pet owners across the country, Britain's ideal dog has the short fur of an English Bulldog, the floppy, soft ears of a King Charles Spaniel and the tail of an Irish Setter.
110 comments
2 videos
366 shares Composite of our favourite canine: Britain's ideal dog revealed 
Swimmers get shock of their lives after shark decides to swim into shore to take a closer look
Shocked paddlers came face to face with 2.5 metre shark in the shallows of Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty holiday destination in New Zealand.
180 comments
1 video
1.2k shares Shocked paddlers come face to face with 2.5 metre shark in shallows
Four month old baby laughs for the first time but family are left devastated when just 12 hours later he died from meningitis after waking with a rash 
Evan Summerfield from Devon had just learned how to giggle and take his own dummy out when he was struck down with meningitis and died despite doctors battling to save him.
35 comments
1 video
2.5k shares Baby dies from meningitis just hours after laughing for the first time
Mother reveals 'absolute nightmare' her life became after jilted lover sent revenge porn pictures to her DAUGHTER
The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell' when her ex-lover Jason Cotterill, who was jailed last week, sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter.
3 comments
91 shares Jilted lover sent revenge porn pictures to woman's DAUGHTER
Ivory and rhino horns get the boot from Sandringham's new PC royal trophy room: Stuffed rhino heads, skins and tusks put into storage to make break with the past
With its stuffed rhino heads and gleaming white tusks, the trophy room at Sandringham was a relic of a bygone era - as well as rather embarrassing for animal welfare crusader Prince William. But now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the Queen's Norfolk estate. For every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display and replaced with what one visitor called 'trinkets and bric-a-brac'. All 62 items - including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks - have been placed in storage - and even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past.
1 comment
1 video
22 shares Ivory and rhino horns get the boot from PC royal trophy room
Today's hottestfashion finds
See more
Chantelle
Accessorise elegantly with quilting like Chantelle
Read more 
Helen
Look smart in Helen's River Island sleeveless blazer
Read more 
Katie
Steal Katie's race day style in a Lavish Alice cape blazer
Read more 
Kim
Make like Kim in a camo print jacket
Read more 
      MORE DON'T MISS
Bend it like Kate: Ms. Hudson flashes peek of pert derriere in floral frock as she arrives at Easter party at ex Matt Bellamy's house  She's 35 years old and in tip-top form 
'Your face looks like a bulldog': Beauty company Dove asked women to write down their body flaws for new ad...and then paid actresses to repeat comments back to them
Settling in! Danniella Westbrook has a browse around Liverpool city centre with a pal... after confirming her return to Hollyoaks
Michael Jackson paid out £134m in hush money to as many as 20 sexual assault victims say lawyers as two claimants prepare to sue the King Of Pop's estate
Get your motor running! Ben Affleck takes his muscle car for a spin as wife Jennifer Garner juggles errands and scripts   Not quite the Batmobile
Michael Keaton brings back classic characters Batman and Beetlejuice as he hosts Saturday Night Live  The cast were only interested in the movies that defined his career
'Young girl hustlin': Rihanna bares her toned tummy in crop T-shirt to debut new song American Oxygen at music festival Track off her eighth studio album Home
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie enjoys a shopping trip with daughters Shiloh and Zahara... as she recovers from surgery to remove her ovaries 
Kristen Stewart forces a smile at movie screening in LA amid rumours her ex-boyfriend Robert Pattinson plans on marrying FKA Twigs Doesn't seem bothered
They'll have a ball! Ed Sheeran urges Prince Harry to go all out on the town with cricketer BFF Shane Warne when British royal arrives Down Under to train with Australian Army
'Should I be concerned?' Blake Lively jokes about Ryan Reynolds' 'wandering eye' as he poses with co-star Helen Mirren Ryan had favorable view of Dame Helen 
Our kids are banned from computers on weekdays, says Helen McCrory: Actress says she worries technology will stop them being able to express themselves 
From personalised stationary and healthy chocolate to old-fashioned garden games: The products that will make your week It's the simple things
Hell for leather! Dannii Minogue goes back to 1990 as she reveals her most cherished fashion item bought from the stylish brains behind Sex And The City
Looking booty-ful! Kim Kardashian wears low cut dress and shows off her shapely derriere while out for family dinner Out for dinner with Kris
Accessorise All Areas: Spring has arrived and summer is on the way, are pastels the best way to subtly lighten up your look?  Winter's out of the way for another year
Leonardo DiCaprio watches electric-powered cars in Formula E race.... and Adrien Brody and his sexy galpal enjoy the action too
Lady Louise joins the Easter parade... but what was that thing perched on mum's head? Countess of Wessex's feathered hat is not fly-away style winner
Wrinkle-buster that beats bad hair days... and it will work wonders in your home too A humidifier pumps moisture into the air, which gives amazing results
Hearts afire! Pregnant Jaime King stands out in red skirt as she strolls with her husband and son in Beverly Hills In bright red lipstick and matching skirt as she took a stroll 
'I live so I can die with you': Beyonce dedicates new love song to Jay Z in honour of their seventh wedding anniversary   Married seven years
Forget the murders. I've cracked the case of Vera's dusty old coat: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night weekend's TV Costume was found in a skip
The Long RACE To Freedom! Idris Elba tries his hand at rally-racing for new TV series... but damages his Ford Fiesta during test-drive in Belfast
Not exactly an angel! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her sexy bikini body at the pool.... as she stocks up for holiday party 
Are you listening, Joey? Reality star poses for selfies as Ed Miliband addresses supporters at a Labour Party rally in Warrington Unlikely face at the rally
Thunderbirds Are Go-ing to a new timeslot! Fans irked as ITV move remainder of cult TV revival to 8am in schedule shake-up
FOREVER BEAUTIFUL: With stores such as Topshop and New Look releasing beauty lines - should you buy your make-up from a clothes shop? Worth splashing cash?
Easy rider! Arnold Schwarzenegger takes his beloved Bugatti Veyron for a spin around Beverly Hills after lunch with friends
Fashion illusions for every figure: From a trimmer waist to minimising big busts, it's all a trick of the eye Optical illusions can work in your favour
The Dowager Duchess WAS young once... as new show is set to prove: Countess to return in U.S. drama set decades before Downton 
RIP risqué clothing! Rita Ora covers up in a demure white trouser suit for The Voice finale... after she was 'ordered to wear less revealing outfits'
She's having a LOTT of fun! Pop star Pixie proves she's still got her Strictly moves by doing the splits in Easter Instagram snaps Wowed fans on Strictly
Pump it up! The vacation is well and truly over as Jessica Alba fills up her car with gas after a long tropical holiday Back to the grind
Walking tall! Ryan Gosling looks hip as he jets out of LAX on his way to film financial drama The Big Short in New Orleans  
'She could stay off the deep dish pizza': Kelly Clarkson fat shamed AGAIN.... this time by Fox News anchor Chris Wallace
Make-up free Amy Adams and fiancé Darren Le Gallo leave swim class with tie-dye-clad daughter Aviana Their blonde princess turns 5 on May 15
Zayn Malik cosies up to Perrie Edwards as they continue to enjoy their romantic getaway in the wake of cheating rumours Put on a loved-up display at Nice airport 
'We'll carry on stronger than ever': One Direction determined to succeed after Zayn Malik exit... as the first official pictures of the band as a four-piece are revealed 
Sure you're single? Jennifer Lopez and Casper Smart appear to be back on as they take her kids out for some jet ski fun She's denied reports
You SHALL go to the ball! Cinderella fans say it's the most breathtaking cinema gown ever. Now its fairy godmother designer reveals how she wove her magic
Leggy Diane Kruger covers up her delicate lace dress in camel coat while enjoying a NYC stroll with beau Joshua Jackson Daytime date
Kim Kardashian's ex Reggie Bush 'expecting second child with wife Lilit Avagyan' Lilit has not been shy about showing off her baby bump 
Candidly stylish! Nicole Richie steps into spring in ripped daisy dukes and striped tank top as she goes shopping in LA  Girls' day out
Yes, I lost John to another woman... but it WASN'T Yoko: More than 25 years ago, the Beatle's former wife Cynthia shared a secret with her would-be biographer
'It was hateful, she sounded mad': Simon Cowell slams Natalia Kills and Willy Moon for their bullying behaviour on the New Zealand X Factor
Dustin Hoffman grabs lunch in Brentwood to celebrate the release of his 50th big-screen film, Boychoir Joined by two young men
James Van Der Beek refuses to sell to gay customers in Funny Or Die parody of Indiana's religious freedom law Lampooned the Home Shopping Network 
Consciously recoupling? No, Gwynnie and Chris's divorce is '100 per cent on' despite holidaying together in Mexico
Interview with violinist David Garrett: 'I thought my father hated me' He's the pin-up of the classical music world and mobbed by screaming fans wherever he plays
Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan jumps on the waist trainer bandwagon as she displays her hourglass figure in Instagram selfies
True blue! Amy Childs carries a vibrant handbag and wears matching heels as she displays her chic new hairdo on a visit to her Essex boutique
TOWIE's George Harrison keeps it simple in protest T-shirt and skinny jeans to join march in remembrance of crash victim
Samantha Cameron's first major interview: 'Dave runs the country; I do the school run' At home in Downing Street, Samantha talks to Geordie Greig
Skinnygirl Bethenny Frankel shows off her beach body in a black bikini as she frolicks in the Miami surf with shirtless pal Bruce Bozzi
How Abbey waltzed off with extra £400k: Model quadruples cash reserves in her company in just a year thanks to Strictly win
Grey matters! Billie Faiers looks chic in a marl overcoat with a matching bag as she hits London's West End Stuck to a singular colour theme in London
'His weakness is women - he doesn't know how to deal with them': Kit Harrington on his breakthrough role in Game Of Thrones Westeros heart-throb
The best is yet to come: The battle for the Iron Throne continues in season five - and this time, there be dragons... Sneak preview
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Jools Oliver's mission to make chef Jamie look better naked  Jamie Oliver's wife Jools, 39, is on a mission to make him look better
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Ambitious Beatrice is trading places for a job in New York   Beatrice, 26, recently completed a short finance course
Their Blue babies! Lee Ryan and bandmate Duncan James bring their son and daughter to watch them perform in Manchester Settled down
PIERS MORGAN: 'Finally, as many candles as chins' read my birthday cake icing Started my year of extensive 50th-birthday celebrations
Ex-Lynyrd Skynyrd drummer Rogert 'Bob' Burns Jr dead at 64 after single-car wreck in Georgia on Friday night His vehicle struck a mailbox in Cartersville
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa turns her hand to dress designing after failed US TV career... but it's just for charity Planning to bring out a 'Pippa Dress'
Russell Crowe's ex-wife Danielle Spencer reveals she does not see herself getting back with actor but wants to be 'on the best of terms' for their children
Nicki Minaj causes jaws to drop in seriously racy cleavage-baring and sheer costumes as she brings her world tour to Birmingham Pulled out all the stops 
'We can rebuild him': Usher posts psychedelic video as he is about to undergo foot surgery and be rebuilt 'like the Six Million Dollar Man'
Spotlight: The creative sisters pioneering a chilli-hot retro revival Meet Tara and Poppy, whose collection for label Tara Starlet is inspired by Mexican folk art 
Pretty in hot pink! Courtney Sixx flashes cleavage in plunging top as she splurges at Chanel in Beverly Hills The 29-year-old was impeccably dressed
Prince Harry whoops with delight as he takes a spin in a WW2 Spitfire over the white cliffs of Dover  Dramatic footage released today 
There, is that better? Lindsay Lohan reposts Photoshopped selfie without the warped staircase... but miraculously her waist stays the same size 
'Dying over this little tootsie!' New mum Milla Jovovich posts adoring snaps of her three-day-old daughter Dashiel on Instagram Not an April Fools!
Full of the joys of spring! Rita Ora is seriously pleased with herself as she steps out in yet ANOTHER all-black outfit Stuck in a fashion rut
VIDEO
WATCH: TODAY'S TOP SHOWBIZ VIDEOS
1
2
3
Watch video
Hailey Baldwin, Kendall Jenner, Willow and Jaden Smith playfully dance it out
Watch video
James May tries out new career move as celebrity chef with Shepard's Pie
Watch video
A sight in white! Kim and Kayne bring North to Easter church service
Watch video
Too cute! Dark Horse singer Katy Perry posts video of her dog Butters
Watch video
Kris Jenner's toyboy joins Kardashian clan for church visit on Easter Sunday
Watch video
Johnny Depp's daughter turns heads atChanel Metiers d'rt show
Watch video
Rita Ora covers up in demure white suit for The Voice final
Watch video
'I'd rather have wine': Kelly Clarkson discusses weight criticism on Ellen
Watch video
Jessica Alba enjoys family time in St. Barths with her husband and children
Watch video
Funny or Die's parody with James Van Der Beek of Indiana's Religious Freedom law
IN FEMAIL TODAY...
HOW TO STAY SLIM FOREVER: It's the proven way to train your brain to resist cravings and unhealthy food
FASHION ILLUSIONS FOR EVERY FIGURE: From a trimmer waist to minimising big busts, it's all a trick of the eye
THE FACE WIPES THAT ARE AS GOOD AS A FACIAL: From witch hazel to fruit acid
WRINKLE-BUSTER THAT BEATS BAD HAIR DAYS TOO: A humidifier is a simple gadget that may save your skin and hair
SHOULD YOU BUY YOUR MAKE-UP FROM A CLOTHES SHOP?: Topshop, New Look and Primark have all released beauty lines
Inside Gaddafi's ruined palaces: How the feared dictator's homes are now reduced to rubble... or used as a pet market
Four years after the revolution that toppled Colonel Gaddafi, his once sprawling and opulent palaces lie in ruin. Rebels seized the strongholds - including one with its own zoo - and demolished them, while the site of the tyrant's palace in Benghazi, traders have converted 10 hectares of palace grounds into a marketplace selling birds, dogs and other pets.
72 comments
1 video
102 shares Inside Gaddafi's ruined palaces
You've been doing it all wrong! No-nonsense cook peels five apples in 30 seconds using a POWER DRILL... but creates a bit of a mess
The unconventional method involves a power drill and a Y-shaped hand peeler, but the intrepid cook could use an apron to protect his clothing from the juice and bits flying all over the place.
37 comments
1 video
24 shares How to peel an apple in seconds... using a power drill
Police appeal for witnesses after pensioner, 93, was seriously injured in hit and run as she crossed the road
Isobel Rawes is seriously ill in hospital, almost two weeks after she was struck while crossing Stratford Road outside Staples, West Midlands, around 11.50am on Tuesday, March 24.
2 comments
14 shares Appeal for witnesses after pensioner, 93, left for dead in hit and run
Pregnant woman thrown into the water when boat she was in capsized is saved after her partner ties rope around himself and dives under vessel to receive flare
The alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple (pictured) in the water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent, at 3.30pm yesterday - and a rescue boat was sent to help them.
33 comments
7 shares Pregnant woman thrown into the water when boat capsized is saved
In the footsteps of the Lannisters: Game of Thrones fans flock to real-life King's Landing and Dorne ahead of series five premiere
With most of the upcoming series shot in Spain, which stands in for the world of Dorne on the imaginary continent of Westeros, a travel company is offering super fans a luxury tour of stunning filming locations.
11 comments
140 shares Company offers luxury tour of Game of Thrones filming locations
WORLD NEWS
Millions around the world celebrate Easter Sunday as Archbishop Welby and Pope Francis hails Christian victims of Kenya massacre as martyrs
Giant pandas in China set a new record for longest recorded mating sessions that lasted 18 minutes and three seconds
Inside Gaddafi's ruined palaces: How the feared dictator's homes are now reduced to rubble or used as pet market
Lufthansa did not tell aviation regulator that Germanwings pilot Andreas Lubitz had previously struggled with depression, reports claim
Boy, 7, raped and set on fire but somehow managed to escape when he was attacked by two other youths as he went to get a snack in India
Large Hadron Collider starts up again after being stopped for two years of upgrade work - and scientists hope to see dark matter for the first time
Kenyan soldiers took seven hours to respond to university massacre that left almost 150 slaughtered, it has emerged
Paraded in front of a crowd at a primary school: Gruesome pictures emerge of terrorists' bodies being put on display - after survivor of Kenya massacre is found alive after hiding for two days in a wardrobe
What ARE the Russians up to? NATO fears grow over why 'research vessels' sent by Moscow have taken over mothballed secret Arctic base in mountain hideaway
'Cowardly' revenge porn site operator breaks down in tears as he is sentenced to 18 YEARS for publishing thousands of nude photos online and charging women $350 EACH to remove them
Fenerbahce team bus shot at on way back from away game in Turkey
Pakistan's top supermodel behind bars after being arrested at Islamabad airport with $500,000 in her hand luggage and charged with money laundering
'God knows I'm a truthful man': Sailor who survived for 66 days at sea on raw fish hits back at his doubters
CIA and NSA analysts who spend all day watching ISIS beheadings, brutal attacks and hard core child pornography are treated by specialist psychologists
        THE BEST OF THE WEB - DIGESTED
  A modest plan to save the universe
  How the Eiffel Tower nearly tore Paris apart
  Why our solar system is actually pretty weird
  Why your dog is so picky where he poops
  Why do white collar criminals do it?
  Why the digital era could become a black hole in history
  How cheese built western civilisation
  Can memories survive outside the brain?
  Revealed: The science behind near death experiences
  Anatomy of a mega-church scandal
  Is it time for the Jews to flee Europe?
  Will driverless cars put cops out of business?
  Is Apple better of WITHOUT Steve Jobs?
  All the President's merry men: Does the US Secret Service have a drink problem?
VIDEO
WATCH EDITOR'S TOP PICKS...
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Watch video
It's a hoot! Mesmerised owl turns up on unexpected homeowners door step and steals their hearts
Watch video
Student gets pepper sprayed
Watch video
A newborn draws in huge crowds
Watch video
Raccoon has eyes bigger than its belly
Watch video
'But I wanted a sister!'
Watch video
Cat balances cotton bud on its nose
Watch video
Train fanatic gets a suprise
Watch video
Tortoise vs rabbit, but who will win?
Watch video
Meet Tima the circus bear
Watch video
Impress at the dinner table
Watch video
The World's "biggest" wombat
Watch video
Dog sings 'I will always love you'
Watch video
Weasel distracts owner from PC
Watch video
This will bug you out!
Watch video
Paris as you've never seen it before
Watch video
Escaping a car crash in water
Watch video
Poorly kangaroo needs a tissue
Watch video
Couple trapped in ski lift
Watch video
Skier instantly regrets front flip
Watch video
Buffalo lunges through car window
Watch video
Chihuahua makes bizarre sound
Watch video
Lion opens car door
Watch video
Nature's bubble wrap!
Watch video
Puppy sounds just like a baby
Watch video
Husband teases his pregnant wife
Watch video
Thief hits himself with brick
Watch video
Is Peppa Pig toy really swearing?
Watch video
Snake charmer kisses deadly cobra
Watch video
Crow picks a fight with pooch
Watch video
The camel who loves to laugh!
Watch video
Temper tantrum of frustrated elephant
Watch video
Toddler's first ride at Disneyland
Watch video
Toddler shows off Tahitian dance
Watch video
Best of the Oscars red carpet
Watch video
Little girl goes nuts over frozen doll
Watch video
Sea Lion pup struggles
Watch video
Clever dog gets himself ready for walkies
Watch video
Insane basketball skills
Watch video
billboard plummets to the floor
Watch video
84-year-old bowls for the first time
Watch video
Toddler doesn't want to build snowman
Watch video
Miley Cyrus shows plenty of skin
Watch video
Greedy seal pup steals milk from others
Watch video
BAFTAs worst dressed
Watch video
Bungee jumping using skin!
Watch video
Two dogs, are guilty of one crime!
Watch video
Dog is protective of owners pregnant belly
Watch video
Ralph Britain's naughtiest dog
Watch video
Vince Cable's slapstick rugby fall
Watch video
Girl is shocked by tortoise
Watch video
Jaw-dropping impression of Ed Sheeran
Watch video
Screen Actors Guild Awards
Watch video
Pregnant Keira Knightley glows at SAGs
Watch video
Dog loves car so much he refuses to leave
Watch video
Adult has toddler meltdown
Watch video
COW leaps onto frozen road from truck
Watch video
Man lights firework under lake
Watch video
Amazing two year-old drummer
Watch video
Extreme weather on a North Sea oil rig
Watch video
Foul mouthed granny
Watch video
Hamilton the pig savors the flavor!
Watch video
Snow monkeys bathe in hot springs
Watch video
Driving with zero visibility
Watch video
Marriage proposal features Bono
Watch video
Man fits four Tarantulas in his mouth
Watch video
Tarantula vs Giant Wasp
Watch video
World leaders link for Charlie Hebdo
Watch video
World's youngest tribute act to Marley
Watch video
Cameron's message on Charlie Hebdo march
Bullet proof: Archaeologists find 200-year-old skeleton of soldier killed at the battle of Waterloo - and know exactly how he died because the musket ball is lodged in his ribs
After a painstaking process historians identified the man as Freidrich Brandt, 23, a Hanoverian hunchback who trained in the East Sussex resort of Bexhill-on-Sea. Brandt, a member of George III's German Legion, was killed by Napoleon's forces with a musket ball between his ribs, the Sunday Times reported. An Archeologist working for the Belgian government, Dominique Bosquet, who supervised the discovery, called the find 'unique,' explaining that no complete skeleton had ever been retrieved from the battle of Waterloo. The mystery surrounding Brandt's origins and identity was cracked by Gareth Glover, 54, a former Royal Navy officer.
109 comments
1 video
2.9k shares Skeleton of soldier killed at Waterloo found under Belgian car park
Large Hadron Collider starts up again after being stopped for two years of upgrade work - and scientists hope to see dark matter for the first time
The world's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson - but scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe.
180 comments
1 video
132 shares Large Hadron Collider starts again after being stopped for two years
Did the earth move for you? Frisky tortoise tries to mate with his female partner but ends up falling on his back (...he swears it's never happened to him before)
The hilarious moment this tortoise tries and fails to mate with a female at Kiev Zoo in the Ukraine. The frisky fellow falls on his back after losing balance in the act and gets no second chance.
67 comments
1 video
2.1k shares Tortoise tries to mate with his partner but ends up on his back 
Billionaire Roman Abramovich shells out £30,000 for pop band McBusted to perform at his daughter's 18th birthday party
The Russian oil tycoon reportedly treated Sofia to a performance by McBusted at her birthday party, which was held at the Under The Bridge nightclub at Chelsea FC's ground.
83 comments
1 video
230 shares Abramovich pays £30,000 for McBusted to perform at daughter's party
Has Poldark been 'manscaping' his chest hair? After Aidan Turner admits using baby oil and eyeliner, images emerge of the actor looking much hairier before the BBC series
After revelations about using baby oil and eyeliner, has the star of the hit BBC period drama Poldark also gone in for a spot of manscaping?
127 comments
1 video
790 shares Where has Poldark's chest hair gone?
Tally ho! Mouthful of feathers for the not so quick brown fox who let the goose get away 
The action-packed photographs were captured by Roger Byng, 67, on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester. Mr Byng, from Bristol, was in a hide 'with the intention of photographing small British birds, such as Bullfinches, Long-tailed Tits and Wrens as part of a relaxing day's photography.' However his relaxing day's photography came to an explosive end after he noticed a charging fox out of the corner of his eye.
2 comments
10 shares Fox lets goose get away
    TOP SPORT STORIES
Celta Vigo 0-1 Barcelona Barcelona huffed and puffed to a 1-0 win against Celta Vigo as Fabian Orellana was shown a red card
Marseille 2-3 PSG Marseille and Paris St Germain played out a game that not only had a huge bearing on the title race, but lived up to it's billing as Le Classique
Djokovic rolls Murray 6-0 in the deciding set By the time Andy Murray ties the knot next Saturday he will hopefully have forgotten the utter frustration of this beating
Sunderland 1-0 Newcastle Jermain Defoe scored a goal of the highest calibre to hand Sunderland a vital victory against rivals Newcastle
Khan reveals Algieri fight is NOT confirmed Amir Khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on May 30, despite announcing Chris Algieri as his opponent
MARTIN SAMUEL: Carrick had his big chance for England... and he blew it  Suddenly, after close to 14 years of international football, Michael Carrick is the answer for England
Burnley 0-0 Tottenham MATT LAWTON: The selection of Harry Kane as Tottenham's skipper fooled us into thinking anything might now be possible with this kid.
Rodgers admits Liverpool will struggle to sign big names Brendan Rodgers conceded defeat in his quest to finish in top four of the Premier League
Real Madrid 9-1 Granada Cristiano Ronaldo helped himself to an eight-minute hat-trick on his way to five goals on Easter Sunday
City must make marquee summer signing in order to keep up with big clubs, insists Pellegrini  He believes the club may need to splash out 
Racing Metro 11-12 Saracens Marcelo Bosch kicked a penalty with last play of the game as Saracens claimed a thrilling and fortunate victory
Back to top
Home
News
U.S.
Sport
TV&Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Fashion Finder
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Mobile Apps RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network Evening Standard This is Money
Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us Advertise with us Terms Privacy policy & cookies
ninemsn
News
Sports
Finance
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Video
Travel
More Sites
About us
Careers at ninemsn
Advertise with us
Contact us
Terms of use
Privacy
© 1997-2014 ninemsn Pty Ltd - All rights reserved
       Sudoku, horoscopes, political analysis, news, Don't Miss, pictures, comment, Daily Mail, Mail on Sunday newspapers, sport, Westminster, opinion MailOnline - all the latest news, sport, showbiz, science and health stories from around the world from the Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday newspapers noodp,noydir,all text/html; charset=UTF-8 en General Living Document DXwlrsxbqxSv+FTFkWUfgflBvFJfx2YbNf/HmABrVyY= 12E6B4B813EB44C9BFC8F6A21F1D01F5 1a7e912afbfcab2f false true 15438913 146202712090395 Mail Online Home | Daily Mail Online website MailOnline - all the latest news, sport, showbiz, science and health stories from around the world from the Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday newspapers http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/index.html http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/social/img_mol-logo_50x50.png MailOnline MailOnline / name=Register to Comment;action-uri=https://register.dailymail.co.uk/startRegister;icon-uri=http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/furniture/ie9/jmplstic_register.ico name=Login;action-uri=https://register.dailymail.co.uk/login?redirectPath=http://www.dailymail.co.uk;icon-uri=http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/furniture/ie9/jmplstic_login.ico name=Debate;action-uri=/debate/index.html;icon-uri=http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/furniture/ie9/jmplstic_debate.ico name=Columnists;action-uri=/debate/columnists/index.html;icon-uri=http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/furniture/ie9/jmplstic_debate.ico dailymail-fb://channel/home/ 384101264 MailOnline
