ZEDO | Leading Global Ad PlatformProducts
About Us
News
Blog
Contact Us
Login
Advertising Technology Partner for Publishers
World's Largest Independent Global Ad Server,
Ad Technology Innovator and Publisher Monetization Partner
PIONEERING LEADING DIGITAL AD SOLUTIONS
AD SERVING
Optimize workflow and improve efficiency with powerful ad serving tools that include video and mobile ad serving.
More Info
MONETIZATION
Premium high impact formats  generate engagement and provide a place for great creative.
More Info
AD OPERATIONS
24/7/365 experienced ad operations professionals work 24 hours a day and cut your operating costs. See how they can work for you.
More Info
Learn more about ZEDO’s products, technology, and services.
GET STARTED
ONE PARTNER. MULTIPLE SOLUTIONS.
ZINC REACHES NEW CUSTOMERS, IN NEW WAYS, AT SCALE
ZINC offers agencies and advertisers premium high impact formats that generate engagement and provide a place for great creative. ZINC’s Engaging New Formats Bring Higher CTRs and New Customers.
Learn More
“I have worked with different ad server before. What is impressive is that ZEDO makes it easier for Advertisers and Publishers to run successful campaigns. And having Mohit and Team ( with their extended knowledge about ad serving) assisting you on all of your questions, concerns and troubles I must say They are the best. Big up to them.”
Amadou KanteAccount Executive, Seed Corn Advertising
“I am not exaggerating when I say I have never met a more professional and efficient group of people. I just sat next to the CEO of AdTech on the plane and told him there was no way we’d leave ZEDO. Your reporting, ease of use, ranking, and geo-targeting are industry leading and I’ve used them all, DART, Atlas, etc. Reporting is especially well done, this is a true asset to ZEDO as much as your human capital.”
Peter S. ShinVP, Business Development, Mobissimo
“Zedo has reliable customer service. You can be certain that the support team will reply promptly to any questions posed.”
Cheza Estacionfomerly of ABS-CBN
“I am very happy with your amazing support team. They are all very professional and responsive and help us with any issue we have.”
Naama MillerDirector of Publisher Relations, XTEND Media
“ZEDO has been a great partner year after year, working with us to develop high-impact Rich Media formats so we have something unique to offer our clients. Their support team backs us up 24/7.”
Josh PeerlessSenior Interactive Developer, Corporate Marketing, CBS Interactive
“ZEDO is always there when you need them…they listen/they respond/they act….they’re a perfect ad serving partner.”
Roary WilderCEO, AdGroups
Partners
Recent Posts
For Publishers, Sharing Data with Users Promotes Engagement April 2, 2015
New Net Neutrality Rules Regulate Mobile Internet March 25, 2015
OTA Comments on Proposed Data Breach Notification Legislation March 18, 2015
IAB Leadership Summit Reveals Industry Challenges March 11, 2015
Notifications: What the Apple Watch Will Mean for Publishers March 4, 2015
Changing Trends in High Impact Advertising February 25, 2015
Super-charge your advertising opportunities with ZEDO
Start Now
About ZEDO
Management Team
Investors
Careers
Rich Media Ad Formats
Ad Operations
News
Blog
Contact
Resources
Get Started
Customer Login
About Ad Servers
Privacy
Fight Spyware
Opt Out
Connect with us
Newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
LinkedIn


Latest Tweets
My Tweets
© Copyright - ZEDO, Inc.
Products
About Us
News
Blog
Contact Us
Login
Scroll to top
/* Code for tracking heatmap on the site. */   width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1 ZEDO is a leading global online ad platform with one of the best ad servers, high-impact ad formats with viewable impressions, and private exchange solutions. en_US website ZEDO | Leading Global Ad Platform ZEDO is a leading global online ad platform with one of the best ad servers, high-impact ad formats with viewable impressions, and private exchange solutions. http://www.zedo.com/ ZEDO, Inc. WordPress 4.0.1
