Free Credit Report & Free Credit Score. No Credit Card Required.Credit Karma
How it Works
Help Center
Log In
Sign up!
Credit Cards Loans Insurance Debt Solutions Reviews Community Articles Tools Blog
Your Credit Score Should Be Free – and Now It Is.
Get Your Absolutely Free Credit Score
Stay on Top of All Your Accounts
No Trials. No Credit Cards. Truly Free.
Get Started Now
Welcome to Credit Karma
We believe that understanding your credit is the first step in your financial future. That’s why we’re committed to bringing you completely free credit and financial information, including credit scores, full credit reports and credit monitoring. Making sense of your credit was never so easy. Start Now
Automatic Credit Alerts
VERY GOOD
Screen images simulated
Get free TransUnion credit monitoring.
Be alerted via email when changes are made to your credit report.
Track new credit activity and stay informed.
Stay up-to-date on your credit
$100
Screen images simulated
Free Credit Scores & Credit Reports
Update your score and report as often as once a week.
Use Credit Karma’s smart filters to highlight important information from your credit report.
Study your credit factors to better understand why your score might have changed.
Automatic Credit Alerts
Get free TransUnion credit monitoring.
Be alerted via email when changes are made to your credit report.
Track new credit activity and stay informed.
Build towards your financial goals
Get The Right Resources
Features like our debt repayment calculator, credit score simulator and educational articles can help you make informed decisions.
Compare Great Offers
Let Credit Karma crunch the numbers to find credit offers based on your credit profile.
Learn More Before You Apply
Use Credit Karma's estimated Approval Odds before you apply.
Get help with your credit questions
Easy-to-Read Articles
We make complicated credit concepts simple in our regularly updated educational content
Credit Karma Community
Ask a question through our advice forum and reach over 30 million members. You might find a response from someone who's been in your shoes.
Tools & Calculators
Want to know how opening a new account might impact your score? Simulate a potential credit situation and see how it could affect your score.
How does Credit Karma work?
Credit Karma is a free consumer service and a personalized marketplace that provides members with millions of free credit scores and reports ever year. We specialize in helping you find great credit products based on your credit profile. If you're looking for a new credit card, loan or other financial product, find it right here. The offers on Credit Karma help make free credit scores, reports and monitoring possible.
Sign up with confidence
Joining Credit Karma only takes about two minutes.
Your privacy is verified through several layers of protection, certified by TRUSTe.
Get Started Now
Connect & Share
Become a fan on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter @CreditKarma
Subscribe to our Blog
Get the Free App for iPhone®
Get the Free App for Android™
Get the Free App for Windows
Company Info
About Credit Karma
Help Center
In The News
Our Security Practices
Careers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Affiliate Network
Best Offers
Best Credit Cards
Capital One Credit Cards
Chase Credit Card Offers
Barclaycard Credit Card Offers
Chase Freedom
Personal Loans
Credit Resources
Credit Karma Blog
Financial Resources
Credit Score Simulator
Mortgage Calculator
Debt Repayment Calculator
Credit Card Reviews
Credit Advice
More Info
What is a Good Credit Score?
How to Improve Your Credit Health
Free Credit Monitoring
Free Credit Report
Auto Insurance Score
© 2007–2015 Credit Karma, Inc. Credit Karma™ is a registered trademark of Credit Karma, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Product name, logo, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within Credit Karma are the property of their respective trademark holders. This site may be compensated through third party advertisers.
iPhone is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Android is a trademark of Google Inc.
The Equifax logo is a registered trademark owned by Equifax in the United States and other countries.   IE=edge,chrome=1 Instantly receive your free credit score and free credit report online. Free credit tools to track and optimize your credit score. No credit card needed & no hidden fees. Free Credit Score, Check Credit Report, Check Credit Reports, Online Credit Report, Free Credit Check, Credit Report, Credit Reports, Credit Score, Credit Scores, Credit History, Credit Manager, Credit Checks, Credit Karma, Credit, Score width=device-width,user-scalable=yes LM4VHzduL0w9RuTtJJ3I9DMyHscEa4Ucoa49DWFFo40= Credit Karma company https://www.creditkarma.com https://www.creditkarma.com/res/img/facebook/oglogo.jpg Credit Karma 1525418, 84000136 170840887919 telephone=no
