PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and moreSubscribe
?
Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions
? ? ?
?
Home
News
Reviews
How-To
Video
Business
Laptops
Tablets
Phones
Hardware
Security
Software
Gadgets
Subscribe
Resources
Desktops
Phones
Printers
Ultrabooks
Blogs
Antivirus software
Cameras
Components
Computer accessories
Consumer advice
Displays
E-Readers
Flash drives
Graphics cards
Hard drives
Home theater
Input devices
Keyboards
Laptop accessories
Mobile
Networking
Operating Systems
Optical drives
Processors
Servers
Streaming services
Storage
Tablets
Windows 8
Hands on with Surface 3, a full Windows tablet at last
Microsoft's Bing and Satya Nadella reign supreme in March Madness
Intel Compute Stick, world's smallest PC, will cost $150 with Windows, $110 with Linux
Reviewed: Falcon Northwest Mach V with triple Titan X cards rips the lid off our gaming tests
5 ways to use Note Links, Evernote's secret weapon for getting organized
15 classic PC games you should play again
Everything you need to know about NVMe, the insanely fast future for SSDs
Intel 750 series SSD review: Storage so fast, only the highest-end PCs can keep up
Online tax filing: The best last-minute options for hopeless procrastinators
Hands on: The $149 Hisense Chromebook succeeds at being incredibly affordable
Raptr launches Plays.TV, an addicting, video-centric Instagram for gamers
Featured VIDEOS
SEE MORE VIDEOS
Latest Stories
Apr 8, 2015 3:30 AM | By JD Sartain
Your Excel formulas cheat sheet: 15 tips for calculations and common tasks
Save this for the spreadsheet jocks in your office--we'd bet even the experts don't know all of these formula tips.
Apr 8, 2015 3:05 AM | By Christopher Null
6 smart LED bulbs tested: We name the best and brightest for lighting your connected home
Color-tunable lighting makes for a striking home environment, but the upfront investment can be substantial. We’ll help you pick the right bulb for your needs.
Apr 8, 2015 3:00 AM | By Marco Chiappetta
4K monitors: Everything you need to know about UltraHD PC displays
Here's everything you need to know before spending big bucks on a pixel-packed 4K monitor.
Apr 8, 2015 12:01 AM | By Jared Newman
Tablo OTA DVR gets slick new apps, but new hardware gets pushed to May
The streaming DVR device now supports Fire TV and Android TV, and has a much-improved Roku app.
on techhive.com
BrandPost Mar 27, 2015 8:06 AM Sponsored by LogMeIn Rescue
How IT pros manage a 24-hour workday
IT can be a stressful job even for seasoned professionals. But with the right tools and a healthy outlook, you'll get along just fine.
Apr 7, 2015 2:15 PM | By Martyn Williams
Bitcoin Foundation hit hard by big bitcoin losses
While the Bitcoin Foundation says it's not bankrupt, it has been hit hard by the currency it's trying to promote.
Apr 7, 2015 12:46 PM | By Florence Ion
Instagram's Android-first update adds two nifty new photo editing tools
Here's a good reason to brag to your iPhone-loving friends today: You've got the new Color and Fade filters and they don't!
Apr 7, 2015 11:52 AM | By Mark Hachman
Microsoft to show Office 2016, Office for Windows 10 apps next week
Microsoft says it will reveal more details of how Microsoft Office universal apps and Office 2015 will interact with Windows 10.
BrandPost Mar 26, 2015 8:00 AM Sponsored by LogMeIn Rescue
Three ways to keep your IT staff productive during downtime
Help your valuable employees contribute more to the company with these three tips.
Apr 7, 2015 11:14 AM | By Derek Walter
LG confirms G4 unveiling for April 28, teases f/1.8 camera
The invite also reveals a stitched-leather build with the signature volume and power buttons on the back.
Apr 7, 2015 11:03 AM | By Mark Hachman
Microsoft's Work and Play Bundle is back, and more convenient than ever
If you're in the market for Office 365, Xbox Live Gold, Xbox Music, and free Skype calls, Microsoft has a deal for you.
Threat Response Apr 7, 2015 10:29 AM | By Tony Bradley
The rise of sextortion: Nude selfies are fun until someone gets blackmailed
Attackers are using online dating services to convince lonely people to send nude photos, and that's when the blackmail begins.
Apr 7, 2015 10:20 AM | By Derek Walter
Mailbox for Android finally gets a Material Design makeover
The Dropbox-powered email app sports an even cleaner look and Lollipop-friendly features in its version 2.0 update.
Apr 7, 2015 10:10 AM | By Hayden Dingman
Two massive expansions announced for The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
The Witcher 3 isn't even out yet, but we'll apparently be playing it for the rest of our lives.
Apr 7, 2015 9:09 AM | By Jake Widman
Many connected-home devices lack robust security features, security firm claims
Veracode warns that many connected-home devices lack basic security features, leaving consumers wide open to sophisticated thieves.
« older stories
Top Android stories
from our new site, Greenbot
The best Android apps for following Major League Baseball
Galaxy S6 Edge review: Samsung's vanity phone
video
Galaxy S6 review: Samsung's glorious return to greatness
Benchmarked: The Galaxy S6 is the fastest Android phone....
PCWorld DIGITAL MAGAZINE
IN THE CURRENT ISSUE
PCWorld's March Digital Edition reviews Dell's XPS 13. Finally, a MacBook Air killer.
Enjoy the best of PCWorld.com in a curated Enhanced Edition for Android, iOS, and Kindle, or in a PDF-like Replica Edition.
PCWorld BUSINESS
BUSINESS ISSUES
Bitcoin Foundation hit hard by big bitcoin losses
PRODUCTIVITY
Microsoft to show Office 2016, Office for Windows 10 apps next week
CLOUD & SERVICES
Bing reigns supreme in March Madness picks as Satya Nadella destroys competition
BrandPosts Learn More
sponsored
How IT pros manage a 24-hour workday
Professional Solutions
Cut the cord and leave cable TV behind
PCWorld
PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done.
About Us
Community Standards
Contact Us
Digital Edition Customer Service
Ad Choices
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Magazines, eBooks & Apps
RSS
Terms of Service Agreement
Forums
PCWorld CATEGORIES
Business
Laptops
Mobile
PC Hardware
Printers
Security
Software
Videos
Windows
IDG Network Sites
Advertise
Careers at IDG
Creative Lab
IDG
Permissions
IDG Consumer & SMB
Knowledge Hub
Macworld
TechHive
Get PCWorld's Digital Editions
Subscribe Now
Follow us
Visit other IDG sites:
                  Select One
                  CIO
                  Computerworld
                  CSO
                  DEMO
                  Fritterati
                  Greenbot
                  IDG Answers
                                                      
                  IDG Connect
                  IDG TechNetwork
                  IDG.tv
                  InfoWorld
                  IT News
                  ITworld
                  JavaWorld
                  Network World
                  The Industry Standard
               © 1998-2015, IDG Consumer & SMB   width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0 Covering everything from ultrabooks to servers, from Windows 8 to virtualization, PCWorld delivers the information and expert advice you need to get the job done.    6070762 1542125639335283 website http://www.pcworld.com PCWorld http://csmb.staticworld.net/images/furniture/pcworld/NoPrimaryImage.png PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and more Covering everything from ultrabooks to servers, from Windows 8 to virtualization, PCWorld delivers the information and expert advice you need to get the job done.    summary @pcworld http://images.pcworld.com/images/pcworld_300.jpg Covering everything from ultrabooks to servers, from Windows 8 to virtualization, PCWorld delivers the information and expert advice you need to get the job done.    PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and more www.pcworld.com/ PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and more http://www.pcworld.com/ Homepage http://csmb.staticworld.net/images/furniture/pcworld/NoPrimaryImage.png    
