HowStuffWorks - Learn How Everything Works!Adventure
Animals
Auto
Culture
Entertainment
Health
Home & Garden
Lifestyle
Money
Science
Tech
Video
Shows
Quizzes
HowStuffWorks - Learn How Everything Works!
Today's Mind-blower
How Transdermal Implants Work
You've heard of tattoos and tongue rings, maybe even split tongues. Transdermals, however, take body modification to a whole new level.
Great Stuff
What's the 'space roar'?
How do you get a job testing toys?
10 IKEA Etiquette Rules
Do dire wolves exist?
Most Popular
Countdowns
Questions
Galleries
Quizzes
Videos
science What if Earth stopped spinning?
You can say goodbye to the seven continents and hello to days that seem infernally long. What else awaits you on a spin-free Earth?
history 10 of History's Most Notorious Traitors
Judas. Brutus. Benedict Arnold. Each of these names has become synonymous with "traitor." But is that deserved? Who else was considered a traitor?
science 10 Science Questions You Should Really Know How to Answer
Why is the sky blue? What's relativity all about? If you're thinking, "something to do with light and physics and stuff," we have some short explanations for you.
people 10 Restroom Etiquette Rules People Are Constantly Breaking
Who's the worst in the restroom? The person who drips on the seat, talks on the phone or hogs the mirror? We put all three – and some others – on our list of annoyances.
history 10 of the Biggest Lies in History
You don't look fat in those pants. I didn't copy off his paper. She's a natural blonde. I am not a crook. Lots of us lie, but what are the biggest fibs ever told?
history Did Einstein really fail math?
Einstein's genius supposedly had at least one glaring flaw -- that he failed math at some point in his educational career.
money How Unemployment Tax Benefits Work
There are a few things worse than filing taxes. Like filing taxes after losing your job. The good news is that there may be a few ways to reduce what you owe the tax man.
history 10 of History's Happiest Accidents
Accidents happen, they say, but some actually make the world a better place. Where would we be without the accidental discoveries of beer, penicillin or Popsicles?
health How long does alcohol stay in your system?
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor, goes the saying. But do you really know your blood alcohol math? This is an equation where 1 + 1 comes out a little crazy.
recipes How Flavor Enhancers Work
Salt and MSG don't just make things taste saltier – they brighten the flavors of almost any food. But how can the same ingredient make chocolate taste sweeter, take the bitterness out of grapefruit and make cream soup taste thicker?
animals 10 Superhero Powers of the Animal Kingdom
They don't have to wear flashy armor or don a cape. Some animals are simply born with amazing abilities. Time to meet a few superheroes that don’t come from comic books or the silver screen.
health Can alcohol cause anxiety?
Insomnia, upset stomach, sweating, fast heartbeat -- this is the day-to-day of someone with an anxiety disorder. A cocktail (or a beer or glass of wine) can affect anxiety in many ways, but some people think one is almost a side effect of the other.
money What is royalty income and how is it taxed?
Many creative people earn money over time in the form of royalties. Of course that still counts as income, so the IRS expects money over that time, too.
recipes Can you eat it?
It's pretty obvious whether you can consume most potential food items. Turkey sandwich? Yes. Raw tiger brain? We'll pass, thanks. Take a stab at the dishes in this quiz. Could you eat them and live to tell the tale?
science 10 Things You Should Never Mix With Alcohol
Juice and soda mix well with alcohol, but a few things don't mix so well. Some may just produce embarrassing moments. Others could cost you your life.
home 10 Everyday Things You're Probably Doing the Hard Way
Despite our desire for ease, studies show that we may be able to make ourselves smarter by doing things the hard way. But why make life trickier than it needs to be?
science How Living Off the Grid Works
No one likes paying bills. But you wouldn't have quite so many if you lived off the grid. How do you create enough energy to ditch public utilities?
money 10 Tax Exemptions You Should Know
The IRS doesn't get a lot of love from American taxpayers, but it's hardly the cruel thief we make it out to be. Thanks, tax exemptions!
entertainment Who was the fifth Beatle?
John, Paul, George and Ringo were the Fab Four of The Beatles – or did they have a fifth member? Legend hints there was one, but who was he?
Stuff You Should Watch
Could a religious dashboard figurine cause a car wreck?
check out our shows
Take the Quiz
Is your paycheck worth your sanity?
more quizzes »
test your knowledge
TAKE THE CHALLENGE
Everyday Science: Volcano Quiz
Average: 4 points | 10 Questions
How many volcanoes are erupting around the world on any given day?
10
100
500
Stuff ... Illustrated
from How has radiocarbon dating changed archaeology?
poll: what do you think?
Rate your cooking skills:
I'm a chef!
I'm pretty good.
I feed myself, but it's not pretty.
I shouldn't be allowed in a kitchen.
puzzles
The Latest Free Jigsaw Puzzles
Electronics
Home and Garden
People & Culture
All About Mysteries
HOWSTUFFWORKS NEWSLETTER THE LATEST AND GREATEST
SUBSCRIBE
HOWSTUFFWORKS
Adventure
Animals
Auto
Culture
Entertainment
Health
Home & Garden
Lifestyle
Money
Science
Tech
MORE STUFF
Store
Blogs
RSS
Maps
Podcasts
Quizzes
Newsletters
Video
Site Map
HSW China
STUFF WEBSITES
BrainStuff
CarStuff
Fw:Thinking
Stuff Mom Never Told You
Stuff of Genius
Stuff They Don't Want You to Know
Stuff to Blow Your Mind
Stuff You Missed in History Class
Stuff You Should Know
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Advertising
Contact Us
Help
CORPORATE
About Us
Careers @ HSW
Privacy Policy
Visitor Agreement
TAKE US WITH YOU
FOLLOW US
Copyright © 1998-2015 HowStuffWorks, a division of InfoSpace LLC  IE=10 text/html; charset=UTF-8 no website HowStuffWorks - Learn How Everything Works! http://www.howstuffworks.com/ HowStuffWorks HowStuffWorks explains thousands of topics, from engines to lock-picking to ESP, with video and illustrations so you can learn how everything works. 100001675325868 508246805972410 http://s.hswstatic.com/gif/hsw-logo-120x90.jpg summary @HowStuffWorks HowStuffWorks - Learn How Everything Works! HowStuffWorks explains thousands of topics, from engines to lock-picking to ESP, with video and illustrations so you can learn how everything works. http://www.howstuffworks.com/ http://r.hswstatic.com/u_0/w_480/gif/hsw-logo-120x90.jpg information, tutorials, explanation, explain, explains, understand, understanding, tell me, students, teachers, study, educational, learn, learns, learning, research, resources, k12, k-12, help, helpf HowStuffWorks explains thousands of topics, from engines to lock-picking to ESP, with video and illustrations so you can learn how everything works. noodp app-id=401986544 app-id=com.twentythreedivide.hsw (pics-1.1 "http://www.icra.org/pics/vocabularyv03/" l gen true for "http://howstuffworks.com" r (n 0 s 0 v 0 l 0 oa 0 ob 0 oc 0 od 0 oe 0 of 0 og 0 oh 0 c 1) gen true for "http://www.howstuffworks.com" r (n 0 s 0 v 0 l 0 oa 0 ob 0 oc 0 od 0 oe 0 of 0 og 0 oh 0 c 1))
