San Francisco Restaurants, Dentists, Bars, Beauty Salons, DoctorsSkip to Search Form
Skip to Navigation
Skip to Page Content
Yelp
Find
Near
Sign Up
Log In
Home
About Me
Write a Review
Find Friends
Messages
Talk
Events
  Yelp is the best way to find great local businesses
People use Yelp to search for everything from the city's tastiest burger to the most renowned cardiologist. What will you uncover in your neighborhood?
Create Your Free Account
Your Review Awaits
Here are some suggestions to get you started.
Brenda’s French Soul Food
Rating
1 (Eek! Methinks not.)
2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)
3 (A-OK.)
4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)
5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)
Start your review...
A popular business in San Francisco
Cancel Sign Up and Post
Mr Holmes Bakehouse
Rating
1 (Eek! Methinks not.)
2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)
3 (A-OK.)
4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)
5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)
Start your review...
A popular business in San Francisco
Cancel Sign Up and Post
Bi-Rite Creamery
Rating
1 (Eek! Methinks not.)
2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)
3 (A-OK.)
4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)
5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)
Start your review...
A popular business in San Francisco
Cancel Sign Up and Post
Read our review guidelines
Yelp Everywhere You Go
Amsterdam
Atlanta
Austin
Berlin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Dublin
Honolulu
Houston
Las Vegas
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Oakland
Palo Alto
Paris
Philadelphia
Portland
Saint Louis
San Diego
San Jose
Seattle
Toronto
Vancouver
Washington, DC
More Cities
Best of Yelp: San Francisco
Restaurants 11,934 reviewed
Food 8,301 reviewed
Nightlife 2,808 reviewed
Shopping 12,639 reviewed
Bars 1,742 reviewed
American (New) 865 reviewed
Breakfast & Brunch 580 reviewed
Coffee & Tea 1,958 reviewed
Beauty & Spas 6,832 reviewed
Health & Medical 9,662 reviewed
Home Services 9,631 reviewed
Automotive 3,413 reviewed
Local Services 5,721 reviewed
More Categories
Event Planning & Services 5,051 reviewed
Arts & Entertainment 4,241 reviewed
Active Life 4,607 reviewed
Hotels & Travel 2,787 reviewed
Pets 1,510 reviewed
Professional Services 4,933 reviewed
Local Flavor 1,867 reviewed
Education 2,724 reviewed
Public Services & Government 999 reviewed
Real Estate 3,018 reviewed
Mass Media 549 reviewed
Financial Services 1,653 reviewed
Religious Organizations 639 reviewed
Restaurants
See More
1. Sous Beurre Kitchen
47 reviews
2. Liholiho Yacht Club
113 reviews
3. The Flying Falafel
81 reviews
4. The Italian Homemade Company
166 reviews
Great service, great price for the quality and nice casual seating with pleasant Italian music.
5. Gary Danko
4097 reviews
baked chocolate souffle - perfect ending to a perfect meal.
Recent Activity
Near You
Myrnelle D. added 3 photos for de Young
A moment ago
Secrets
Secrets
Stairs
Stairs
A stroll & a Sprite thru the museum's backyard
A stroll & a Sprite thru the museum's backyard
Tonia B. wrote a review for Yelp Elite Event: Outdoor Appy Hour
A moment ago
4/5/2015
The Bar Car is possibly the coolest idea EVER! I thought food trucks were awesome but now Greg Medow has taken it to a whole new level. A shiny, fully stocked renovated 1965 Airstream mobile bar on wheels...Wow! Once I ordered my cocktail, I headed over to play a game of bean bag toss. After bean bag toss and a second cocktail, I was on to a game of ping pong. All of this while enjoying a warm spring Marin evening surrounded by the beautiful Marin Arts & Garden Center. What an amazing evening.

The Bar Car can cater to whatever type of party you want to throw - weddings, birthdays,…Read more The Bar Car is possibly the coolest idea EVER! I thought food trucks were awesome but now Greg Medow has taken it to a whole new level. A shiny, fully stocked renovated 1965 Airstream mobile bar on wheels...Wow! Once I ordered my cocktail, I headed over to play a game of bean bag toss. After bean bag toss and a second cocktail, I was on to a game of ping pong. All of this while enjoying a warm spring Marin evening surrounded by the beautiful Marin Arts & Garden Center. What an amazing evening.

The Bar Car can cater to whatever type of party you want to throw - weddings, birthdays, fundraisers and more! They have bar packages for very budget that include the alcohol, mixers, bottled beer, wine & champagne and self-serve beer on tap. Everything to make you the perfect host and the life of the party!

I cannot wait to use the Bar Car for my next party!
Was this review …?
Useful
Funny
Cool
Ed U. wrote a review for Flying Pig Bistro
A moment ago
4/5/2015
Such a great name, isn't it? I assume it comes from the phrase, "When pigs fly", which is an adynaton, a figure of speech so hyperbolic that it describes an impossibility. There's your English lesson for today. Class dismissed. Anyway, this place is light on the flying pig decor, just a couple behind the bar. And much to my surprise, it really is more bar than bistro. I've passed by it thinking it could be fun to try a neighborhood spot that isn't in my neighborhood, so I convinced Jamie W. to have an early Sunday supper there. The menu is not huge here - soups, starter and entree…Read more Such a great name, isn't it? I assume it comes from the phrase, "When pigs fly", which is an adynaton, a figure of speech so hyperbolic that it describes an impossibility. There's your English lesson for today. Class dismissed. Anyway, this place is light on the flying pig decor, just a couple behind the bar. And much to my surprise, it really is more bar than bistro. I've passed by it thinking it could be fun to try a neighborhood spot that isn't in my neighborhood, so I convinced Jamie W. to have an early Sunday supper there. The menu is not huge here - soups, starter and entree salads, sandwiches and hot dogs.

They also have a small breakfast selection - bagels, burritos, oatmeal, a smoothie, and that's about it food-wise. The overall vibe is casual. Young families appear to be regulars here with their toddlers running up and down the space in the late afternoon, but they are soon overtaken by young couples looking for libations to go with their appetites. Jamie ordered the $10.50 Cobb Salad, which was a good-size plate of mixed greens with chopped chicken and bacon, blue-cheese crumbles, a hard-boiled egg, tomatoes, cucumber, onions and croutons accompanied by a honey mustard dressing  (photo: bit.ly/1c0lzLl).

It was hearty, healthy eating, just what we were looking for. I started with their $2 soup of the day, a creamy Sweet Corn Soup, that satisfied my belly (photo: bit.ly/1y88gT6). Then I had the $10.25 Chef's Salad with Romaine lettuce, diced turkey, ham, cheddar and pepperjack cheese, a hard-boiled egg, kidney beans, tomatoes, onions and croutons with ranch dressing (photo: bit.ly/1HFG9ul). It was all good stuff for a bar offering and perfectly fine for a neighborhood hangout. Service was pretty laid back but not inefficient. I don't think I'd wait for pigs to fly before trying it again on a spontaneous Sunday sometime. Maybe it'll be a breakfast bagel next time.

FOOD - 3 stars...solid pub fare for the Mission if you live in the vicinity
AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...very casual, family-friendly tavern on a Sunday afternoon
SERVICE - 3.5 stars...friendly enough, efficient enough
TOTAL - 3 stars...no need to wait for this pig to fly
Was this review …?
Useful
Funny
Cool
Jayn J. wrote a review for Begoni Bistro
A moment ago
4/5/2015
Comfortable and attractive restaurant.  The restaurant was able to accommodate our large party of 13.  The staff was very attentive.  The food is not cheap but everyone enjoyed their meals.  The roasted squab appetizer was nicely crispy. The Papaya Salad with Beef Jerky is very tasty but very different than Thai "som tam" as it is not at all spicy.
Parking is very easy at night at the Portsmouth Square garage and the financial district tends to empty out at night.
Was this review …?
Useful
Funny
Cool
Brad R. wrote a review for Bay Area Bike Share
One minute ago
4/5/2015
The Bay Area Bike Share works great for commuters!

This is not for tourists!

Tourists - use Blazing Saddles or some other service.  The low star ratings are from people that did not read or did not take the time to understand how this service works.  It states clearly, but probably not in large enough print, that you need to return the bike every 30 minutes or additional charges accrue.  i.e. this is for commuting from one place to another and not for touring the city.

So now that we have that clear how does it work for commuters?  For me it works great.  I live on the peninsula and…Read more The Bay Area Bike Share works great for commuters!

This is not for tourists!

Tourists - use Blazing Saddles or some other service.  The low star ratings are from people that did not read or did not take the time to understand how this service works.  It states clearly, but probably not in large enough print, that you need to return the bike every 30 minutes or additional charges accrue.  i.e. this is for commuting from one place to another and not for touring the city.

So now that we have that clear how does it work for commuters?  For me it works great.  I live on the peninsula and take Caltrain into the city.  I pick up a bike at the Caltrain station and am lucky enough to have a bike dock in front of the building I work in.  So for me, $88/yr means I bike instead of a) taking the bus which is fine but crowded and slower than biking (I bike fast) b) walking - which is enjoyable but slow c) taking my own bike on Caltrain (I haven't tried it - probably fine if you already have a commuter bike but probably kind of a pain) d) Uber/taxi - expensive.  The bikes way 42 lbs and are clunky by comparison to your typical commuter bike.  But that means a better workout (ha!) and they generally work very well - and I like the front rack for my backpack.

There is a logistical limitation - there needs to be a bike when you pick up and there needs to be an open dock spot when you drop off.  This is no guarantee and can throw a wrinkle in your plans.  There is a natural flow of commuters during the morning rush hour from the train to the office buildings (and the reverse in the evening) so BABS has to move bikes back in the opposite direction using a van.  They have ramped up that service recently and I have had a bike every morning and a spot every evening lately.  Before when bikes/docks weren't available I was lucky enough to have docks a couple of blocks away that I could quickly get to and then be on my way.  

Use the CycleFinder iPhone app to find availability of bikes and docks - works great.
Was this review …?
Useful
Funny
Cool
See more recent activity
New Businesses in San Francisco
Chapel Hill Coffee
2 reviews
Financial District
Chapel Hill Coffee
Rove Kitchen
6 reviews
Lower Nob Hill
Rove Kitchen
Equator Coffees & Teas
6 reviews
Union Square
Equator Coffees & Teas
More New Business Openings
San Francisco Neighborhoods
Bayview-Hunters Point
Castro
Financial District
Hayes Valley
Inner Richmond
Inner Sunset
Marina/Cow Hollow
Mission
Nob Hill
North Beach/Telegraph Hill
Outer Richmond
Outer Sunset
Pacific Heights
Potrero Hill
SoMa
Union Square
More Neighborhoods
Yelp Mobile Apps
Find great, local businesses on the go with our free apps for your phone.
Weekly Yelp
Get the skinny every week on local business gems and events in San Francisco.
Yelp in The News
Everyone from The New York Times to The View is talking about Yelp.
Review of the Day
Leena B. reviewed Elephant Sushi
Hello 2015! I would LOVE to start the year off with 5 stars...and here it is! Elephant Sushi! It is located in Russian Hill so it is a bit of a hike but it is worth it. There is a long wait and it can… Read more
Archive
Yelp is totally portable
It’s like carrying around 1,000 phonebooks in the palm of your hand. No biceps required. Download the app now.
Enter your number and we'll send you a link to install the app.
Phone number Go
We don't charge for this service. Standard messaging rates apply.
Learn more
Popular Events
Cherry Blossom Festival 2015
Saturday, Apr 11, 10:00 am – Sunday, Apr 12, 5:00 pm
73 are interested
Friends' 5th Annual Spring Book Sale
Wednesday, Apr 1, 10:00 am – Today, Apr 5, 6:00 pm
49 are interested
Fried Chicken & Moonshine: A Dinner for the Soul
Tomorrow, Apr 6, 6:30 pm
29 are interested
More Events
Fresh Lists
Small Shops
Little places.
Tea and Wine Frenzy
The places where you can find good teas and wine.....
Local Eats (Bay Area Edition)
Places that I frequent as a local, but that may fall short of being…
More Lists
Today in Talk
Official 2014-15 Golden State Warriors Thread
Other
A moment ago
Meme a Yelper
Other
13 minutes ago
Tell it Goodbye!  RIP Lon Simmons
Sports
17 minutes ago
More Talk
About
About Yelp
Careers
Press
Investor Relations
Content Guidelines
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Ad Privacy Info
Discover
The Weekly Yelp
Yelp Blog
Support
Yelp Mobile
Developers
RSS
Yelp for Business Owners
Claim your Business Page
Advertise on Yelp
Yelp SeatMe
Business Success Stories
Business Support
Yelp Blog for Business Owners
Languages
English
?e?tina (?esk? republika)
Dansk (Danmark)
Deutsch (Deutschland)
Deutsch (Schweiz)
Deutsch (?sterreich)
English (Australia)
English (Belgium)
English (Canada)
English (Hong Kong)
English (New Zealand)
English (Republic of Ireland)
English (Singapore)
English (Switzerland)
English (United Kingdom)
English (United States)
Espa?ol (Argentina)
Espa?ol (Chile)
Espa?ol (Espa?a)
Espa?ol (México)
Français (Belgique)
Français (Canada)
Français (France)
Français (Suisse)
Italiano (Italia)
Italiano (Svizzera)
Nederlands (België)
Nederlands (Nederland)
Norsk (Norge)
Polski (Polska)
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Suomi (Suomi)
Svenska (Finland)
Svenska (Sverige)
Türkçe (Türkiye)
??? (??)
???? (??)
???? (??)
Countries
United States
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Chile
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Mexico
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
The Netherlands
Turkey
United Kingdom
United States
San Francisco Business Listings
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Newly Added
Site Map
Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities
Copyright © 2004–2015 Yelp Inc. Yelp, , and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
What's This?
This user has arrived from Qype, a company acquired by Yelp in 2012. We have integrated the two sites to bring you one great local experience.
What's This?
This user has arrived from Restaurant-Kritik.de, a company acquired by Yelp in 2014. We have integrated the two sites to bring you one great local experience.
What's This?
This user has arrived from Cityvox, a company acquired by Yelp in 2014. We have integrated the two sites to bring you one great local experience.  text/html; charset=UTF-8 en San Francisco   User Reviews and Recommendations of Top Restaurants, Shopping, Nightlife, Entertainment, Services and More at Yelp Yelp,recommendation,San Francisco, bay area, local,business,review,friend,restaurant,dentist,doctor,salon,spa,shopping,store,share,community,massage,sushi,pizza,nails,New York,Los Angeles width=1020 Yelp http://s3-media3.fl.yelpassets.com/assets/2/www/img/7f906850f02b/ico/win8-tile.png #c41200 http://www.yelp.com/ #c41200 width=1024;height=768 Go to Yelp.com name=Find Reviews; action-uri=/; icon-uri=http://s3-media1.fl.yelpassets.com/assets/2/www/img/a6bbc59c7458/ico/favicon-16x16.ico name=Hot New Businesses; action-uri=/openings; icon-uri=http://s3-media1.fl.yelpassets.com/assets/2/www/img/a6bbc59c7458/ico/favicon-16x16.ico name=Yelp Deals; action-uri=/search?find_desc=deals; icon-uri=http://s3-media1.fl.yelpassets.com/assets/2/www/img/a6bbc59c7458/ico/favicon-16x16.ico app-id=284910350 kDjPHxnLM_aeKV-yeMosvbJzmD5RkDx1dZoGm6lD2- 97534753161 website Yelp http://s3-media2.fl.yelpcdn.com/assets/srv0/www_pages/e98ed5a1460f/assets/img/brand_guidelines/yelp-2c-outline.png http://www.yelp.com/ People use Yelp to search for everything from the city's tastiest burger to the most renowned cardiologist. What will you uncover in your neighborhood? www.yelp.com 576 576
