Ministry Of Corporate Affairs - HomeCorporate Seva Kendra
Forms & Downloads
Sitemap
Login/Register
ABOUT MCA
ACTS & RULES
MCA SERVICES
DATA & REPORTS
CONTACTS
HELP & FAQS
about MCA
Visit these pages to find out all about MCA. Includes information on MCA's main functions and other details about the Ministry.
About MCA
Strategic Plan of MCA
Citizens Charter
MCA Induction Material
Organization Chart
Results-Framework Document
Right To Information
Affiliated Offices
Company Law Board
Serious Fraud Investigation Office
Competition Commission of India
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs
acts & rules
Get to know the Acts, Rules, Notifications, Circulars etc.
Companies Act
Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008
Competition Act, 2002
Partnership Act, 1932
Chartered Accountants Act, 1949
Cost and Works Accountants Act
Company Secretaries Act, 1980
Societies Registration Act, 1860
Companies ( Donation to National ) Fund Act, 1951
Other Circulars
DSC Services
Acquire DSC
Register DSC
Update DSC
Verify Digitally Signed Certificate
DIN Services
Get DIN Application
Track DIN
Enquire DIN Approval Status
Verify DIN PAN Details of Director
Master Data
View Company or LLP Master Data
View Index of Charges
View Signatory Details
View Companies/Directors under Prosecution
LLP Services
Check LLP Name
Find LLPIN
LLP Forms Download
Instruction Kit
Incorporation
Annual e-Filing for LLP
Change of Company to LLP
Change LLP Information
Close LLP
e-Filing
Company Forms Download
Annual e-Filing Guidelines
Download Submitted Form for resubmission   
Check Filling Status
Company Services
Check Company Name
Find CIN
Incorporation
Compliance Filing
Approval Services
Change Company Information
Charge Management
Informational Services
Close Company
Complaints
Create Service Related Complaint
Track Service Related Complaint Status
Create Investor Complaint
Track Investor Complaint Status
Investor Services
Track SRN / Transaction Status  
Enquire Fees
Pay Fees (NEFT, Miscellaneous, Stamp Duty)  
Pay Later  
Track Payment Status
View Director / Designated Partner Details  
View Public Documents
Feedback / Suggestions
Request for Scanning of Document  
Get Certified Copies
Transfer Deed  
Verify Partners Details  
Migrated LLP Partner Details  
Address for sending physical copy of G.A.R. 33
Public Search of Trademark  
Data & Reports
View this section for all the latest information about MCA and the reports published by the Ministry.
Reports
Annual Reports
Report on Nidhi Companies
Monthly MCA Newsletters
Monthly Information Bulletin
Other Reports
Company/LLP Information
Master Details
Incorporated or Closed during the month
Based on Activity
Based on Ownership
Under Alert
Company Statistics
Indian and Foreign Companies,LLPs
Paid up capital Reports-Companies Limited By Share
contacts
Need to contact us? Visit these pages to know key MCA contacts and how to reach them.
Minister of Corporate Affairs
List of Officials at Head Quarters
Regional Directors
Registrar of Companies
Official Liquidators
Cost Audit Branch (CAB)
Nodal Officers
Liaison Office for SC/ST/OBC
Staff Grievance Officer
Contact us
XBRL
XBRL eForms
e-Filing
One Person Company
User Registration
Other Services
System Requirements
DIN Process
Digital Signature Certificate
Help on using the MCA Portal
Payment
Refund
Pay Later
Verify Payment
eStamp
Rates of Stamp Duty
SMS Alerts
NEFT
Corporate Bank Account
Instruction Kit
Annual e-Filing
PDF Conversion
Register DSC
Prerequisite Software for e-Filing
FAQs on LLP
List of Authorised Banks
List of CFC's
Other Important Information
New to MCA?
MCA regulates corporate affairs in India through the Companies Act, 1956, 2013 and other allied Acts, Bills and Rules. MCA also protects investors and offers many important services to stakeholders. This site is your gateway to all services, guidance, and other corporate affairs related information.
Learn more about MCA by visiting our About MCA page
Frequently Used
Stakeholder's Corner
Companies/Directors Under Prosecution
Comments Invited
?????? ?????? ??????/???????
MCA Guidelines
Vacancy/Appointment
Links Archive
I want to....
Track SRN / Transaction Status
View Company or LLP Master Data
Find CIN
View Public Documents
Search Trademark
notices & circulars
Important Notices
Assessment Order under sub-section (3) of section 396 of the Companies Act, 1956 read with rule 12-A of the Companies(Central Government's) General Rules and Forms,1956 in the matter of proposed amalgamation of National Spot Exchange Limited(dissolved company) with its holding company, Financial Technologies (India) Limited(transferee company)…Click here to view 
All stakeholders are hereby informed that the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has notified Roadmap for applicability of Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) for compliance by the class of companies specified in the said roadmap. The notification has been uploaded on www.mca.gov.in along with the thirty nine (39) Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS).Companies which are not required to follow Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) shall continue to comply with Accounting Standards as prescribed in Companies (Accounting Standards) Rules, 2006.
MCA-ebook 
Draft Order of amalgamation of National Spot Exchange Limited with Financial Technologies (India) Limited under Section 396 of the Companies Act, 1956 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs on 21-10-2014.   Comments Invited.
The Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2015
Remuneration to managerial person under Schedule XIII of the Companies Act, 1956 - Clarification with regard to payment for period.
Clarification under sub-section (7) of section 186 of the Companies Act,2013
Delegation of powers to RDs u/s 94(5) read with section 458 of CA, 2013
The Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Amendment Rules, 2015
Amount received by private companies from their members, directors or their relatives before lst April, 2014 - Clariflcation regarding applicability of Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 20l4
Appointment of RoCs as adjudicating officers with jurisdiction and their appellate authorities u/s 454 of CA 2013.
The Companies (Management and Administration) Amendment Rules, 2015
The Companies (Management and Administration) Amendment Rules, 2015
The Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Amendment Rules, 2015.
The Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Amendment Rules, 2015
Inviting applications for filling up the posts of two Members of the Competition Appellate Tribunal.
General Circular 4/2014 dated 10.03.2015: Clarification with regard to section 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 - loans and advances to employees
General Circular 03/2015: Clarification relating to filing of e-form DIR-I1 & DIR-12 under the Companies Act, 2013
Notification for appointment of Ms. Anjuly Chib Duggal, IAS as Secretary in the Ministry of Corporate Affairs - dated: 02 March 2015
Delegation of Financial Powers dated: 27.02.2015
The Companies (Declaration and Payment of Dividend) Amendment Rules, 2015
The Companies (Registration Offices and Fees) Amendment Rules.2015.
The Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015.
More
news & updates  
All donations towards the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund(PMNRF) are notified for 100% deduction from taxable income under Section 80G of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
Recent Initiatives of MCA on Good Governance
Press releases
 "List of LLPs under striking off”  



More
quotations & tenders
Tender for providing Manpower Services to Ministry of Corporate Affairs.  09.04.2015
Sale Notice: M/s The Memorial Finance & Investment (I) Ltd. (In Liquidation)  31.03.2015
Annual contract for supply of flowers/flower with pots in the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.  08.04.2015
More


Information on Company Deposits
official liquidators
Investor Education and Protection Fund
citizen charter
Innovative Feedback
parliament questions & assurances
public grievances
india.gov.in
Employee corner
Quick Links
PMO  
CLB  
CCI  
SFIO  
IICA  
  NFCG  
CAT  
ICAI (CA)  
ICSI (CS)  
ICAI (CMA)  
  Principal Account Office
Sitemap
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
  Invest India  
About MCA
Acts & Rules
MCA Services
Statistics & Reports
  RTI
Help & FAQs
Corporate Seva Kendra
Contacts
MCA Applications
This site is owned by Ministry of Corporate Affairs.  text/html; charset=UTF-8 MCA regulates corporate affairs in India through the companies Act, 1956, 2013 and other allied Acts, Bills and Rules. MCA also protects investors and offers many important services to stakeholders. This site is your gateway to all services, guidance, and other corporate affairs related information. Ministry Of Corporate Affairs, MCA, Home, Notices, Circulars, News, Updates, Quotations, Tenders width=device-width, maximum-scale=1.0 
