GTmetrix | Website Speed and Performance OptimizationLogin | Sign Up
GTmetrix
Home
Features
Recommendations
Top 1000
FAQ
API
Locations
Contact
Analyze Performance of:
Go!
Everybody deserves a fast web experience.
GTmetrix can help you develop a faster, more efficient, and all-around improved website experience for your users.
Your users will love you for it.
Create a free account instantly!
Signup and get instant access to features like monitoring, graphing, ad blocking and more!
Mobile Testing (beta)
See how your site performs on an actual Android device. Ensure that your page loads optimally for mobile users!
Throttle Connections
Simulate your page load on a Dial-Up, 2G, 3G, DSL or Cable connection! Ensure your site is accessible to your target audience.
Video Playback
Pinpoint load issues, latency differences and see how your page loads in different regions. View your page load in the eyes of your users!
Monitor your URLs
Get reports on the performance of your URLs daily, weekly, or monthly.
Keep close track of your URLs.
Graph your performance
View the performance history of 3 metrics through interactive graphs.
Zoom, pan, set a date range and more!
Advanced Options
Test your URL in other locations, such as Dallas, Sydney and more.
Use Adblock, HTTP Auth., and Cookie options.
Save all your report data
Save and track multiple URLs from one location.
Keep your reports for as long as your want.
Get more out of your reports. Register for an account today!
Speed matters.
Studies show that users leave a site if it hasn't loaded in 4 seconds; keep your users happy and engaged by providing a fast performing website!
GTmetrix uses Google Page Speed and Yahoo! YSlow to grade your site's performance and provides actionable recommendations to fix these issues.
About the Developer
GTmetrix was developed by Gossamer Threads as a tool for our managed hosting customers to easily determine the performance of their site.
Bookmarklet
Test with GTmetrix
Drag this button onto your bookmarks toolbar to test any page easily! (IE user?).
RSS feed Twitter
Facebook
Google Plus
Latest News
Check out the latest changes »
And we're back!
August 28, 2014
GTmetrix down for maintenance, be back soon!
August 28, 2014
Happy to announce that our Sydney, Australia Test Region now has throttling support!
August 14, 2014
Tweet
Powered by:
Yahoo YSlow Google Page Speed
Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox
Firebug NetExport
HTTP Archive Viewer mod_perl
Gossamer Threads
Contact
Terms of Service
© 1995-2015 Gossamer Threads, Inc.
Login
E-mail Password
Keep me logged in
I forgot my password
Log in
Don't have an Account?
Register
Close
Create an Account
First Name
Last Name
Nickname (do not fill out)
E-mail* Password* Confirm Password* Create Account
Already Have an Account?
Log in to your Account
Close
Forgot your password?
Enter your e-mail address below to begin the process of resetting your password.
E-mail Send Password Close
A password reset link has been e-mailed to you.  GTmetrix is a free tool that analyzes your page's speed performance.  Using Page Speed and YSlow, GTmetrix generates scores for your pages and offers actionable recommendations on how to fix them.
