Drugs.com | Prescription Drug Information, Interactions & Side EffectsSkip to Content
Browse all medications  A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z    Advanced Search   Phonetic Search
Drugs A-Z
Pill Identifier
Interactions Checker
News
Health Professionals
Q & A
Mednotes
Apps
•
•
•
•
Having trouble identifying pills? Try the Pill Identifier
Quickly identify pills, tablets and capsules using the web's most comprehensive Pill Identification Wizard.
Get Started
Worried about drug interactions? Use the Interactions Checker
The drug interactions tool allows you to check for drug-drug and drug-food interactions.
Check Now
Discover treatment options with the new Symptom Checker
This interactive decision guide helps identify the underlying cause of common symptoms.
Get Started
Custom search for Medical Transcriptionists?
Use our custom wildcard and phonetic search to assist in identifying drugs where the exact spelling is unknown and only the pronunciation is available.
Get Started
Drugs.com is the most popular, comprehensive and up-to-date source of drug information online. Providing free, peer-reviewed, accurate and independent data on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines & natural products.
Featured Tools
Pill Identifier Identify your medication
Interactions Checker Check for drug interactions
Medical Transcription Phonetic search assistant
Drug Information
A to Z Drug List
Drugs by Condition
Drugs by Class
Dosage
Side Effects
Pregnancy Warnings
Harvard Health Guide
Generic Drugs
OTC Database
Inactive Ingredients
Veterinary Drugs
International Drugs
Info en Espa?ol
Pricing & Coupon Guide
Mayo Clinic Disease Reference
Tools
Interactions Checker
Pill Identifier
Symptom Checker
Medication Record
Mobile Apps
Drug Imprint Codes
News & Alerts
Medical News
Clinical Trial Results
FDA Drug Alerts
FDA Consumer Updates
New FDA Approvals
New Drug Applications
Drug Shortages
Video Center
Popular Articles
Health & Medication Slideshows
Professionals
Resource Center
Medical Dictionary
Medical Encyclopedia
Medical Conferences
Patient Care Notes
Top 100 Drugs
Top 100 by sales
Abilify
Accutane
Acyclovir
Adderall
Advair
Alprazolam
Amitriptyline
Amlodipine
Amoxicillin
Androgel
Aspirin
Ativan
Atorvastatin
Azithromycin
Baclofen
Belviq
Benadryl
Bupropion
Carvedilol
Celebrex
Celexa
Cephalexin
Cialis
Ciprofloxacin
Citalopram
Clindamycin
Clonazepam
Clonidine
Codeine
Cyclobenzaprine
Cymbalta
Diazepam
Diclofenac
Doxycycline
Effexor
Eliquis
Fenofibrate
Flexeril
Fluoxetine
Gabapentin
Hydroxyzine
Ibuprofen
Januvia
Klonopin
Lantus
Levofloxacin
Lexapro
Lipitor
Lisinopril
Loratadine
Lorazepam
Losartan
Lyrica
Meloxicam
Metformin
Methadone
Metoprolol
Mirena
Morphine
Mucinex
Naproxen
Neurontin
Nexium
Norco
Omeprazole
Oxycodone
Pantoprazole
Paroxetine
Penicillin
Percocet
Pradaxa
Pravastatin
Prednisone
Propranolol
Prozac
Risperdal
Ritalin
Seroquel
Sertraline
Sildenafil
Simvastatin
Suboxone
Symbicort
Synthroid
Tamiflu
Tamsulosin
Tramadol
Trazodone
Valium
Venlafaxine
Verapamil
Viagra
Vicodin
Vyvanse
Warfarin
Wellbutrin
Xanax
Xarelto
Zoloft
Zolpidem
Zolpidem
Zyrtec
More A-K · More L-Z · By Class · UK Medicines
For Consumers
MedFacts Drug Information
Cerner Multum Drug Information
Micromedex® Advanced Consumer
MedFacts Natural Products
For Professionals
FDA Professional Information
A-Z Drug Facts (Facts & Comparisons)
ASHP Monographs (AHFS DI)
Micromedex® Carenotes
MedFacts Natural Products
For Researchers
U.S. Pharmaceutical Sales Statistics
Pharmaceutical Company Directory
Announcements
Physician's Desk Reference (PDR)
Latest FDA New Drug Approvals
ProAir RespiClick
ProAir RespiClick (albuterol sulfate) is a breath-actuated, dry-powder, short-acting beta-agonist (SABA) inhaler for the relief of acute...
Jadenu
Jadenu (deferasirox) is a tablet formulation of Exjade, an iron chelator indicated for the treatment of chronic iron overload due to blood...
Quadracel
Quadracel (Diphtheria and Tetanus Toxoids and Acellular Pertussis Absorbed and Inactivated Poliovirus; DTaP-IPV) is a vaccine for active...
More...
Drugs in Development
(Not yet approved)
Lyxumia
Lyxumia (lixisenatide) is a once-daily prandial GLP-1 receptor agonist in development for the treatment of adults with type 2...
Repatha
Repatha (evolocumab) is an investigational monoclonal antibody targeting PCSK9 (proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9) in...
Praluent
Praluent (alirocumab) an investigational monoclonal antibody targeting PCSK9 (proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9) in development...
More...
Posted today in Medical
Health Tip: Should I Worry About My Child's Weight?
-- Maintaining a healthy weight and establishing healthy habits are essential, even in childhood. The Weight-control Information Network says childhood obesity can: Foster breathing issues and joint pain. Make it difficult to keep up with active friends. Lead to chronic conditions, such as diabetes, high cholesterol or high blood pressure. Increase...
Posted today in Medical
Are Heart Surgery Patients Losing Too Much Blood to Tests?
Heart surgery patients often undergo dozens of blood tests while they're hospitalized, potentially losing half a liter of blood or more over time, a new study reports. Patients may not realize they're losing so much blood because the blood tests are typically taken through an IV. But the study authors, who were "astonished by the extent of bloodletting,"...
Featured Topic Centers
Learn about treating bipolar disorder
Multiple Sclerosis Assessment
Treating OA of the Knee Video
Video: Treating Severe Ulcerative Colitis
Video: Important Facts About Afib Medications
Treating Advanced Rheumatoid Arthritis
Ankylosing Spondylitis Center
Moderate-to-Severe Psoriasis Doctor Assessment
Moderate to Severe PsA
HIV Treatment Plan
Posted today in Medical
Health Highlights: April 7, 2015
Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by the editors of HealthDay: Plague Found in Arizona Prairie Dogs Infestations of plague-carrying fleas have been found among prairie dogs in Arizona, officials say. An investigation was launched after officials were told about a prairie dog burrow in Picture Canyon, near...
Posted today in Medical
Health Tip: Wash Your Face Correctly
-- Washing your face correctly can lead to healthier, more radiant skin. The American Academy of Dermatology suggests: Washing the face with an alcohol-free, non-abrasive cleanser. Using lukewarm water to dampen the face, then using fingertips to gently cleanse. Do not use sponges, washcloths or any product that could irritate skin. Avoiding scrubbing...
Posted today in Medical
Many Very Ill Patients Choose 'Next of Kin' Who Aren't, Study Finds
Nearly one out of 10 veterans in Connecticut younger than 65 have chosen someone who is not part of their immediate family as their next of kin, a new study reports. Immediate -- or nuclear -- family generally includes a person's spouse, adult child, parent or sibling. However, state laws won't allow non-immediate family members to make medical decisions...
Posted today in Medical
In Rare Cases, Kids Can Get Food Allergies From Donated Blood
The case of an 8-year-old Canadian boy suggests that it's possible, but still rare, for children to get food allergies from blood transfusions. The boy developed an allergy to fish and peanuts after receiving a transfusion from a donor with severe allergies to these foods, reports a team led by Dr. Julia Upton, of The Hospital for Sick Children in...
Posted today in Medical
Placenta Test Measures Babies' Exposure to Arsenic
A pregnant woman's placenta can reliably measure exposure to the toxic metal arsenic in both the mother and her unborn baby, new research finds. "Our findings show placental arsenic concentrations reflect both maternal and fetal biomarker concentrations," said the study's lead author, Tracy Punshon, a research assistant professor of biological sciences...
Posted today in Medical
Uninsured May Face Much Higher Charges for Cancer Drugs
Doctors may charge uninsured patients anywhere from two to 43 times what private insurance plans or Medicare pay for chemotherapy drugs, a new study estimates. Researchers said the findings, reported in the April issue of Health Affairs, highlight a fundamental inequity. "It seems that uninsured patients should not be charged more than an insurance...
Posted today in Medical
Physical Therapy Equals Surgery for Certain Lower Back Pain, Study Says
Physical therapy may be just as good as surgery for older adults with a type of chronic lower back pain, new research suggests. Standard treatments for lumbar spinal stenosis -- a painful, often disabling narrowing of the spinal canal -- are an operation known as surgical decompression or physical therapy. But physical therapy is much less invasive...
Posted today in Medical
Genes Linked to Breast, Ovarian Cancers Act Differently in Each Woman: Study
Women who carry mutations in certain genes face a much higher risk of breast and ovarian cancers, but the impact varies depending on the type and location of the mutation, new research finds. Film star Angelina Jolie, who carries a BRCA1 mutation, weighed that risk last month when she announced that she'd had her ovaries and fallopian tubes removed,...
Read more news...
Recently added consumer and prescribing information: Cresemba, Zarxio, Farydak, Lenvima, Ibrance, Glyxambi, Evotaz, Prezcobix, Natpara, Prestalia
Posted in Blog
Harnessing the Power of the Poliovirus as a Cancer Cure
Polio, a highly infectious and crippling disease, was certainly one of the most feared viruses in the 20th century. Each year, thousands of children were left paralyzed. Polio has been successfully eliminated in the U.S. for decades due to a widespread vaccine program. So why would a group of researchers be interested in injecting the […]
Posted in Blog
Biosimilars in 2015: What Can We Expect?
On Friday, March 6th, 2015 the FDA approved Sandoz’s Zarxio, the first official biosimilar that will be made available in the U.S. Zarxio, a recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor used to boost white blood cells after cancer treatments, is the long-awaited biosimilar for filgrastim (Amgen’s Neupogen). The FDA noted in their briefs that Zarxio was “highly […]
Posted in Blog
Drugs.com Adds Mayo Clinic Disease Reference
Drugs.com is pleased to announce it has licensed select content from Mayo Clinic to provide more timely and trustworthy medical condition and disease information. The articles include detailed information about medical diseases such as allergies, back pain, depression, erectile dysfunction, and type 2 diabetes. Each article includes informative sections which may include an overview, symptoms, when […]
See more blog posts or follow us on twitter.

Sign In or Register
Recommended Content
FDA Consumer Updates
Fighting Allergy Season with Medications
Medications for High Blood Pressure
Irritable Bowel Syndrome Treatments Aren't One-Size-Fits-All
Fighting Diabetes' Deadly Impact on Minorities
More FDA updates...
Updates by Email
Email me:
FDA Medwatch Alerts
News Roundup 
     
Daily
     Weekly
     Monthly
    Support
About Drugs.com
Your Privacy
Support Center
Advertise With Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Ask a Question
Content Submissions
About Drugs.com
Contact Us
Sitemap
Follow:
Google+
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
RSS
Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.
Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Feb 4th, 2015), Cerner Multum™ (updated Feb 17th, 2015), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Apr 6th, 2015) and others. To view content sources and attributions, refer to our editorial policy.
Copyright © 2000-2015 Drugs.com. All rights reserved.
We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information.
Verify here
Terms of Use · Privacy Policy (Updated Apr 8th, 2015)
+1
Like
Tweet
Email
Hide
(web4)   Prescription drug information and news for professionals and consumers. Search our drug database for comprehensive prescription and patient information on 24,000 drugs online. prescription drug information side effects medicine interactions Drugs.com | Prescription Drug Information, Interactions & Side Effects Prescription drug information and news for professionals and consumers. Search our drug database for comprehensive prescription and patient information on 24,000 drugs online. http://www.drugs.com/img/social/ddc-facebook-icon.png
