Unity 5Home
Unity
Industries
Showcase
Learn
Community
Asset Store
Get Unity
Unity Account
You need a Unity Account to shop in the Online and Asset Stores, participate in the Unity Community and manage your license portfolio. Login Create account
Navigation
Home
Unity
Industries
Showcase
Learn
Community
Asset Store
Get Unity
Unity Account
You need a Unity Account to shop in the Online and Asset Stores, participate in the Unity Community and manage your license portfolio. Login Create account
Language
??
???
???
Portugués
???????
Espa?ol
Intro
Graphics
Editor
Multiplatform
Efficiency
Ecosystem
Get Unity
More beauty platforms players
Unity 5 is the new edition of the best development platform for creating 2D/3D games and interactive experiences. Unity 5 brings you awesome new artistic power. Improved efficiency makes the hard work smoother and more fun, and with the industry’s most comprehensive multiplatform support, you can now launch your game on 21 platforms.
Get Unity 5 Launch Trailer
Get Unity 5
A graphics powerhouse
With an artistic toolset never before seen in Unity
Physically-based Standard Shader
The new Standard Shader will make your materials look consistent in any lighting environment, across mobile, high-end desktop, and consoles. Apply it across 95% of the materials in your game, such as metal, plastics, wood, ceramics and cloth. Use it together with the new HDR Skybox, Reflection Probes and Global Illumination System to create stunning visuals.
Real-time Global Illumination
Animate lighting with Real-time Global Illumination built on Geomerics Enlighten technology. Achieve dynamic lighting treatments on high-end mobile, desktop and consoles, and for lower-end devices, create beautifully detailed results with baked artwork.
HDR Reflection Probes
Enhance visual fidelity with our new HDR Reflection Probes. Add richer detail by having any object realistically reflect its surroundings. Reflection Probes are easy to implement—just place a probe at any location in your scene to sample reflections for its surrounding objects.
A feature-rich and highly flexible Editor
With the new audio mixer, enhanced animator workflows and PhysX 3.3 under the hood
The Audio Mixer
Now anyone can massively improve the audio in their game! Our new Audio Mixer brings nested mixing workflows, with snapshots to capture mixes in different areas of your project, plus industry-standard effects to add immersive new depths.
New Physics Engine
PhysX 3.3 brings massive performance improvements to 3D physics in Unity 5. New multithreaded simulation is available for platforms that support it, and there’s a new cloth component for character clothing. New wheel colliders bring better support for suspension and tire force simulation. Collision detection is improved and bake-free scaled MeshCollider support is added.
A more powerful Animator
We added more flexibility to the animation system. Add State Machine Behaviours to states to give precise control of script functions during animation. Anything in your game that requires some kind of State Machine-like logic can now use our visual editor live feedback. A new Asset Creation API is now exposed so animators can now create all sorts of tools to create and edit animation assets.
Industry-leading multiplatform support
With expanded deployment that frees you to confidently ship to 21 platforms
iOS
Android
Windows Phone 8
BlackBerry 10
Tizen
Windows
Windows Store Apps
Mac
Linux/Steam OS
Web Player
WebGL
PlayStation 3
PlayStation 4 and Morpheus
PlayStation Vita
Xbox One
Xbox 360
Wii U
Android TV
Samsung SMART TV
Oculus Rift
Gear VR
WebGL Preview
A preview of the new deployment support for advanced 3D and 2D content in browsers. Take your content to any browser that supports WebGL without requiring a plugin, with Unity’s hallmark efficient deployment.
Learn more
Upcoming! Oculus Rift support
Unity 5 will soon be bringing you integrated Oculus Rift support. The integrated support will mean that developers will only need to install the general Oculus driver, plug in the headset, switch the standard Unity camera to VR mode and press play, in order to run on the Oculus kit.
Learn more
iOS Metal rendering support
Take full advantage of iOS hardware and achieve far greater detail, and interactivity in games, with much lower CPU usage and smoother performance.
Unmatched efficiency boosted in the Cloud
With new systems that make your work easier along the way
Unity Cloud Build
Unity Cloud Build brings the magic of build automation to all Unity developers. Unity Cloud Build automates the creation and distribution of builds, by monitoring your team’s source control, and when changes are detected, it builds your project for multiple platforms in the cloud. Your whole team is kept updated with email notifications, making it easy for them to install builds on their devices with the tap of a button.
12 months of access to Unity Cloud Build Pro are included in a Unity 5 Professional license. Unity 5 Personal Edition users can access the Unity Cloud Build Pro for $25/month.
Learn more
Game Performance Reporting
Game Performance Reporting is a new cloud service for Unity Professional customers that provides developers with new tools for improving game performance, starting with a preview of exception logging. Exception Logging captures exceptions in editor, development and release builds, and delivers detailed reports that can be read via a web dashboard.
Learn more
Unity Analytics
Our new cloud-based analytics tool is currently in open beta. Unity Analytics provides you with powerful yet simple-to-understand tools that will help you understand your audience and get actionable insights into your players’ behavior. With that knowledge in hand, you can then improve your players’ gaming experience to boost retention, engagement and monetization.
At its official launch coming soon in Unity 5, Unity Analytics Pro will be included for free in a Unity 5 Professional Edition license. Unity Personal Edition users will be able to purchase Unity Analytics Pro for $25/month.
Learn more
An ecosystem for your creative success
The game engine used by over 4 million people.
Learn more
The Asset Store, for ready-made assets and production tools.
Learn more
The generosity of the Unity Community.
Learn more
New services to market your game and grow your audience.
Learn more
And wait! There’s more
A 64-bit Editor to handle large projects
iOS 64-bit support
New Deferred Rendering
Graphics Command Buffers
Improved Linear lighting, HDR, Skybox and Cubemap workflows
Improved job scheduling system, plus a new CPU Timeline Profiler lets you see and investigate multicore usage
Improved NavMesh pathfinding system
Integrated SpeedTree support to create lush, rich and dynamic vegetation
New Frame Debugger to track down graphical issues in your projects
Improved Project Wizard
Updated Standard Assets
New UI and scripting APIs for AssetBundle Build system
Access to the new Asset Store Level 11 program: Available for free to Unity 5 Professional customers, and soon to be available to Unity Personal Edition users for $19/month.
Release notes
Democratization in action with an unbeatable licensing model
Democratizing game development and success is still at the heart of what we do. One way we do that is to keep our licensing simple. Whether you download Unity 5 Personal Edition for free, or buy or subscribe to Unity 5 Professional Edition, you pay no royalties and the content you create as a Unity user is yours.
Get Unity 5
Unity 5 tutorials Upcoming Unity 5 live online training Documentation
Got it
The Unity Software License Agreement and Privacy Policy have been updated.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Click here for more information.  IE=edge,chrome=1 width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0 telephone=no text/html; charset=utf-8 Drupal 7 (http://drupal.org) #222c37 http://unity3d.com/profiles/unity3d/themes/unity/images/assets/favicons/tileicon-144x144.png
