Criteo - Making Display Advertising PerformWe use Cookies to enhance your experience on our website. By continuing your navigation, you accept the placement and use of Cookies. To learn more about Cookies or opt-out from these services please see our privacy policy
Investors
About Us
Careers
Blog
Publishers
Login
EN
EN
FR
DE
BR
JP
KR
CN
IT
RU
ES
PL
Toggle navigation
What we do
Why Criteo
Case Studies
Resources
News
Events
Contact Us
Performance is everything 
Criteo helps advertisers generate more sales through personalized performance advertising at a global scale. We combine technology, data, science and insight with a transparent cost-per-click model to deliver easy-to-measure ROI.
Read about our ground-breaking model
It's all about smartphones 
Criteo's Q1 state of mobile commerce report reveals the accelerating growth of mCommerce.
Download the State of Mobile Report
From top retailers to you 
Criteo and Digiday shed light on how marketers are addressing mobile opportunities in 2015.
Download the report for an inside look
The technology
Understand how the Criteo Engine drives results using predictive algorithms, machine learning and massive amounts of consumer data.

Learn more
The products
Individually targeted cost-per-click advertising for mobile, social, desktop, and email across leading RTB platforms and more than 7,000 direct publishers.
Learn more
Solutions
See the range of game-changing opportunities and solutions that Criteo enables for retail, travel and other advertisers.

Learn more
Case Studies
View all case studies
Novica
DrudgeReport.com
DrudgeReport.com quadruples revenue with Criteo’s Real-Time Audience targeting.
FragranceNet.com
FragranceNet.com partnered with Criteo to continually evolve and implement new solutions such as advanced optimization capabilities and enhanced support for mobile devices.
Blog
View all blog posts
31/03/2015
mCommerce is growing like a weed
Posted by Jonathan Wolf
Events
View all events
08Apr
Union League Club NYC
Argyle CMO Spotlight Forum: Retail
The hyper-connected, economically conscious consumer challenges marketers to successfully engage consumers across channels and devices with personalized content. Argyle Executive Forum’s CMO Meeting: Spotlight Retail will gather influential brand marketers on how to best engage consumers and drive success. Criteo’s NA Managing Director, Rob Deichert, will present on the main stage.
Resources
View all resources
State of Mobile Commerce Q1 2015
Mobile adoption continues to grow like a weed. Globally, mobile now accounts for 34% of eCommerce transactions. Criteo has analyzed individual transaction data covering approximately $160 billion of annual sales across 3,000 online retailers and travel advertisers to uncover the latest trends in mobile shopping in the US and globally.
Privacy
Opt-out of Criteo ads
Privacy Policy
Legal Mentions
AdChoices
Contact
Contact Us
Find us
How it works
Demo
The Site
Sitemap
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Google+   IE=edge width=device-width, initial-scale=1 Criteo - Making Display Advertising Perform 92e7pn-s299wcvwiftylwzv98okulazwxp6tq3096qs4f9whxmqlk5ht65u056ijcvt1qhyb6zx3e95j23l1ctlaa0yakj53wre83c60caard2e2sigdjr5x3tjddagu qnwgTxTm82p3agvp1Fp7eDWW_Q7FsUIaZNyn_TcId0o
