Applicant Tracking System & ATS HR Recruiting Software | iCIMSTap for navigation
iCIMS UK
iCIMS US
Product Suite
Overview
iCIMS Recruit
iCIMS Connect
iCIMS Onboard
Tools to Attract & Screen
Company
Overview
Our Difference
Our Customers
Our Partners
Management
Giving Back
Join Our Team
Hire Expectations Institute
Overview
Resources for Employers
Resources for Job Seekers
Blog
News & Events
Overview
News
Events
Awards
Support
Overview
Contact & Locations
Customer Support
FAQs
Job Seekers
Glossary
View Demo
Submit an RFP
Investors
Careers
View Demo
Submit an RFP
Contact Us
Careers
Investors
The Talent Acquisition Software Suite. Find, Screen, and Hire the Right People. Faster.
Effective Recruitment Marketing. Powerful
Applicant Tracking. Efficient Onboarding.
Learn More
  Attract Better Candidates Using Our Award-Winning Talent Acquisition Software Suite
iCIMS Recruit
A robust applicant tracking system (ATS) that enables you to find, filter, and recruit quality hires.
iCIMS Connect
A recruitment marketing automation tool that gives you everything you need to build your talent pool and connect with potential candidates.
iCIMS Onboard
An onboarding platform that automates the transition of candidates to productive new hires.
Evaluating HR Software Providers? We've created a kit of tools to help you make the best choice for your business.
Download Buyer's Kit
iCIMS' Most Exciting Release Yet! Introducing Suite Architecture:
Making Talent Acquisition more modern, intuitive, and efficient.
"iCIMS Connect made it so much easier to keep track of student applicants [at college career fairs] and it set us apart, made us look high-tech."
"iCIMS has helped our business by streamlining our recruiting processes and allowing us to recruit faster and expand at the accelerated pace we need to grow to serve our customer base."
"iCIMS Onboard allows us to receive readable, compliant forms electronically and on-time. It's great to track candidates through the entire recruiting and onboarding process."
News: 04.02.2015 - iCIMS Maintains High Ranking in HRO Today’s Baker’s Dozen Customer Satisfact...
Hire Expectations Institute: Overcoming Your Top 5 Business Challenges with iCIMS
facebook
linkedin
twitter
rss
Sign Up for iCIMS Emails Here!
Applicant Tracking System & HR Recruiting Application
iCIMS' Talent Platform is the industry's premier talent acquisition solution that enables HR professionals to manage their organization's entire talent lifecycle from sourcing to recruitment marketing to applicant tracking to onboarding all within a single web-based application. Providing innovative HR solutions, iCIMS gives recruiters the necessary tools to make the most informed hiring decisions, every time. The iCIMS Talent Platform is easy to use, scalable, and backed by award-winning iCARE™ Support; it's the ideal applicant tracking software for growing businesses.
Recruitment Professionals
Whether you are a sourcing specialist, recruiter, hiring manger, or onboarding coordinator, iCIMS' web-based human resources software enables your growing organization to reduce your cost-per-hire and streamline manual processes to present a tangible ROI and strong corporate footprint in the very competitive search for top talent. Founded on a "back-to-the-basics" philosophy, the power of the iCIMS Talent Platform is supported by an unparalleled customer experience making it to be the most robust, simple-to-use, and accessible applicant tracking system in the HRIS space. Experience the difference in applicant tracking with iCIMS.
  © Copyright 2015 iCIMS, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use  iCIMS is the leading provider of ATS applicant tracking systems and HR recruiting software. Request a free demo today and recruit top talent in your industry. text/html; charset=utf-8 width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1
