Home | Archive of Our OwnMain Content
Archive of Our Own beta
Log In
User name:
Password:
Remember Me
Forgot password?
Get an Invitation
Site Navigation
Fandoms
All Fandoms
Anime & Manga
Books & Literature
Cartoons & Comics & Graphic Novels
Celebrities & Real People
Movies
Music & Bands
Other Media
Theater
TV Shows
Video Games
Uncategorized Fandoms
Browse
Works
Bookmarks
Tags
Collections
Search
Works
Bookmarks
Tags
People
About
About Us
News
FAQ
Wrangling Guidelines
Donate or Volunteer
Search Works
Work Search: tip: hetalia f/f sort:kudos
A fan-created, fan-run, non-profit, non-commercial archive for transformative fanworks, like fanfiction, fanart, fan videos, and podfic
18027 fandoms | 528777 users | 1588546 works
The Archive of Our Own is a project of the Organization for Transformative Works.
With an AO3 account, you can:
Share your own fanworks
Get notified when your favorite works, series, or users update
Participate in challenges
Keep track of works you've visited and works you want to check out later
While the site is in beta, you can join by getting an invitation from another user or from our automated invite queue. All fans and fanworks are welcome!
Get Invited!
Find your favorites
All Fandoms
Anime & Manga
Books & Literature
Cartoons & Comics & Graphic Novels
Celebrities & Real People
Movies
Music & Bands
Other Media
Theater
TV Shows
Video Games
Uncategorized Fandoms
News All News
A look at the Archive servers, then and now
Published: Wed 08 Apr 2015 02:17AM EDT Comments: 8
The Archive of Our Own started out as a pipe dream: What if we, the fans, actually owned the servers that house our fanworks? What if we got to write our own Terms of Service, and weren't dependent on for-profit companies to host our fannish spaces?
Read more...
March 2015 Newsletter, Volume 89
Published: Mon 06 Apr 2015 01:14PM EDT Comments: 2
In the past month, Systems performed a large scale server relocation—including the servers for the AO3 and Fanlore—to our own shiny new server rack. The downtime lasted a few hours with site indexing taking an additional day. Systems also worked with tech support at a large university to prevent further DDOS attacks to the Archive, and assisted with the OTW's acquisition of the fandom.org domain name which now mirrors "TransformativeWorks.org."
Read more...
Release 0.9.54: Change Log
Published: Wed 01 Apr 2015 03:00AM EDT Comments: 7
This release focuses on improving the tools Open Doors uses to mass import archives.
Read more...
Tweets
Tweets from https://twitter.com/otw_status/lists/otw-tweets
Footer
About the Archive
Site Map
Diversity Statement
Terms of Service
DMCA Policy
Contact Us
Report Abuse
Technical Support and Feedback
Development
otwarchive v0.9.55.2
Known Issues
GPL by the OTW  text/html; charset=utf-8 fanfiction, transformative works, otw, fair use, archive en-US fandom An Archive of Our Own, a project of the
    Organization for Transformative Works GLOBAL transformative works Organization for Transformative Works width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0 authenticity_token nW6WaA1wLpx7uT4PxXbC8BbSjvub0X6TTA8osykSu+A=
