Utah News, Sports, Weather and Classifieds | KSL.comLogin   Feedback   Contact Us
KSL TV 
    KSL Newsradio 
    KSL Live! 
    KSL Shows 
    iWitness 
    Mobile 
Salt Lake  43°
Change    
Salt Lake
Provo
Ogden
St. George
Logan
                    all of KSL
                    Classifieds
                    Local
                    Web
                    Keyword
                 Utah
Page Two
U.S.
World
Sports
Weather
Traffic
Biz
Pics & Flix
Outdoors
Latino
Deals
Local
Jobs
Homes
Cars
Classifieds
18 arrested in Utah, suspected of gang affiliation
Police arrested 18 gang members in Utah as part of a nationwide operation led by immigration officials.
3 arrested in connection with home burglary
Utah woman crowned medieval combat world champion
DirecTV told to pull Rob Lowe ads after Comcast complains
Utah Dept. of Corrections: Prison inmate dies after lack of dialysis treatment
Latest News & Features »
5 jurassic adventures in Utah
by Utah.com  |   BrandView  
?
The original Utahns weren't nearly as willing to bring you a casserole, but who wants to look at fossilized Relief Society presidents?
South Carolina police officer charged with murder is fired
Bruce Smith and Jeffrey Collins, Associated Press   |  posted 23 minutes ago
A white South Carolina police officer who claimed he killed an unarmed black man in self-defense has been fired, the city's mayor announced Wednesday, a day after the release of a video showing the officer firing eight shots at the fleeing man's back.
Tsarnaev guilty on all charges in Boston Marathon bombing
Denise Lavoie, Associated Press   |  posted 31 minutes ago
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted on all charges Wednesday in the Boston Marathon bombing by a federal jury that now must decide whether the 21-year-old former college student should be executed.
Most audiences will be glad they took a trip to 'Freetown'
Travis Poppleton, KSL.com Contributor   |  posted 43 minutes ago
Director Garrett Batty is hoping audiences of all faiths will like his latest movie about Mormon missionaries.
Secrets of the White House revealed
Brianna Keilar and Rachel Streitfeld, CNN   |  posted Apr 8th - 1:34pm
In her new book "The Residence: Inside the Private World of The White House," reporter Kate Andersen Brower interviewed dozens of former maids, chefs, florists, butlers and doormen who worked at the White House as far back as the Kennedy years.
Have You Seen This? Utahn’s submission for 'American Ninja Warrior'
Faith Heaton Jolley   |  posted Apr 8th - 1:15pm
A Highland man recently created a submission video for "American Ninja Warrior" and hopes that his athletic ability — and a Morgan Freeman celebrity impersonator — will help him make it onto the show.
Josh Romney, Sen. Mike Lee could be a close race, survey finds
Josh Furlong   |  posted Apr 8th - 12:49pm
A new survey is projecting a potentially close race for Utah Sen. Mike Lee in 2016 election cycle.
2 U. students create unique ski goggle company
Megan Marsden Christensen   |  posted Apr 8th - 11:29am
As avid skiers, University of Utah students Jake Nelson and Shaeffer Warnock have gone through many pairs of ski goggles.
Real 'Fault in Our Stars' couple reunited by hope
Elizabeth Cohen and John Bonifield, CNN   |  posted Apr 8th - 11:15am
Katie and Dalton Prager, a young couple who both have cystic fibrosis, celebrated happy news when they reunited Tuesday afternoon after nearly five months apart: Katie is on her way to getting a lifesaving lung transplant.
President Obama, others link climate change to public health
Ben Tinker, CNN   |  posted Apr 8th - 10:53am
Climate change is under debate and now another piece is thrown into the conversation: your health.
Some in autistic community working on changes to awareness month
Emilee Bench   |  posted Apr 8th - 10:42am
April is Autism Awareness Month, and on April 2, the national nonprofit association Autism Speaks held "Light it up Blue Day" for awareness of the condition. But some with autism feel that Autism Speaks doesn't speak for them.
Jill Duggar Dillard welcomes baby Israel
Lisa Respers France, CNN   |  posted Apr 8th - 10:25am
The first daughter to be married from the hit reality show "19 Kids and Counting" has also become the first mother.
Makeover, photo shoot aimed to help women improve self-esteem
Emilee Bench   |  posted Apr 8th - 10:13am
A woman uses her talents to help others like her with her nonprofit organization called #Fly.
7 auto deals for the everyday car owner
by KSL Deals  |   BrandView  
?
There are many different car people. There's the retro car guy, who buys and restores old 1920 Model T's; the mini van/SUV mom who is always driving carpools to school, soccer, football, violin and dance; the college student with old pizza in the back and 24 empty cups from Starbucks; then the new baby couple who are trying to learn how to install all the fancy car seat knickknacks.
Utah residents may need to verify identity to get tax refund
The Associated Press   |  posted Apr 8th - 9:45am
Utah officials say some residents may need to verify their identities with the state tax commission before receiving their tax refunds this year.
17-year-old NY student accepted at all 8 Ivy League schools
Frank Eltman, Associated Press   |  posted Apr 8th - 9:28am
Elmont High School senior Harold Ekeh had a plan — he would apply to 13 colleges, including all eight Ivy League schools, figuring it would help his chances of getting into at least one great school.
Utah-made baby monitor aims for parents' peace of mind
Bill Gephardt   |  posted Apr 8th - 9:06am
The Utah creators of a new device claim it functions as an extra set of eyes for parents of newborns. They say it uses smartphone technology to offer peace of mind.
Utah County widow preparing for the 'ride of her life'
Alex Cabrero   |  posted Apr 8th - 8:38am
Nanette Wride, widow of Utah County Sgt. Cory Wride, is training to become the first widow to ever ride in the Police Unity Tour in Washington D.C. Cory Wride's name is being added to the National Law Enforcement Memorial.
'Bombshell Bandit' gets more than 5 years in bank robberies
The Associated Press   |  posted Apr 8th - 8:06am
A California woman who pleaded guilty to charges connected with "Bombshell Bandit" bank robberies in three states has been sentenced to more than five years in federal prison.
Comparing yourself to Facebook friends can lead to depression, study says
Jessica Ivins   |  posted Apr 8th - 7:44am
Thanks to social media, the distance between friends and loved ones is smaller than ever. But comparing your life to the glittery, glamorous internet lives of your Facebook friends can be downright depressing. Literally.
RSL's sports solar arrays will rank among largest in nation
Jasen Lee   |  posted Apr 8th - 7:15am
Real Salt Lake Tuesday announced plans to construct a 2,020-kilowatt solar panel array system that will generate about 73 percent of the electricity needed annually to operate the facility.
|  Browse by Day
? Older Stories
Sports »
Bubba Poole grateful to be alive
McGovern stands tall at defense as Monarchs' offense looks for first win
UHSAA promotes 2, adds 1 to replace outgoing assistant director
3-Peat: UConn beats Notre Dame 63-53 for 3rd straight title
New-look Bees open up spring practices
National »
Observers, new council members optimistic in Ferguson
Student charged in graffiti case withdraws from Ohio school
Obama discusses Ebola outbreak in West Africa with advisers
Bill would repeal class-size reduction, set performance pay
Oklahoma schools Superintendent Hofmeister completes staff
World »
Suffering rises as militants take over refugee camp in Syria
US deports Salvadoran ex-general tied to 1980s rights abuses
Senior US official in Venezuela for meetings with Maduro
Afghan soldier kills 1 American soldier, wounds 2 US troops
Israeli leader warns of Iran's short nuclear breakout time
Pics & Flix »
Most audiences will be glad they took a trip to 'Freetown'
Mayor: New sculptor will fix village's 'Scary Lucy' statue
‘Kid History’ creators launch card game on Kickstarter
Disney releasing digital Star Wars collection
On TV, a new Jesus comes into view
Odds & Ends »
Burger King to pay for the wedding of Mr. Burger, Ms. King
Hong Kong's underground cookie trade
Kids cry, parents push as Easter egg hunt turns rowdy
400-pound alligator moved from Texas pond to preserve
Canadians make 2,000-mile trip for Kentucky Fried Chicken
Business & Finance »
Emanuel facing huge challenges in 2nd term as Chicago mayor
Klamath project farmers facing irrigation cutbacks
Talking turkey: How bird flu outbreaks are playing out
Airline official: Germanwings probe shouldn't set precedent
Illinois company recalls ham loaf over allergy concerns
Advertise with us
Report this ad
Advertise with us
Report this ad
Most Popular
Read
Commented
Sports
Deseret News
1. 18 arrested in Utah, suspected of gang ...
2. South Carolina police officer charged ...
3. DirecTV told to pull Rob Lowe ads after ...
4. 3 arrested in connection with home ...
5. Have You Seen This? Utahn’s ...
Send us your news tips
See something happening? Send us a tip!
BrandView
Ask a Harmons Chef
University of Utah Health Care - Expert Health News & Information
Green Tea HP - Change the way you look, feel and age
Young Automotive Auto Review
Features
LDS Conference Section - Special Programming
KSL Investigators
Your Life - Your Health Recipes, Tips and more
Road to Zero Fatalities
Stories featured as "More on KSL.com"
Wednesday's Child
Markets
DJIA
17902.51
+27.09
Nasdaq
4950.82
+40.59
S&P 500
2081.90
+5.57
Travel Times
Evening
I-15
I-80
I-215E
I-215W
SR-201/Legacy
Salt Lake City to Farmington
16 minutes
Salt Lake City to I-215 South Interchange
8 minutes
I-215 South Interchange to Lehi
18 minutes
I-15 to Foothill Drive
5 minutes
SR-201 to I-15 South Interchange
8 minutes
























Weather Photos
Random
Galleries
Submit
by Kelly Castagno
Contests & Specials
Win Tickets to the Crossroads of the West Gun Show, April 11th and 12th at the South Towne Expo Center
KSL Outdoors
Tanners Flat
Find Your Next Adventure
Mt Timpanogos Summit via Timpooneke Trail
Arapeen Infinity Trail
Potters Pond
Submit Your Favorite Trail »
Deseret Media Initiatives
KSL encourages you to "Read Today"
Advertise with us
Report this ad
Photo Galleries »
April Gallery
Officials warn of cold water temperatures, increase in search and rescue calls
Photos: 2015 Festival of Colors
Warm weather attracts thousands to Lagoon opening day
Utes to face most difficult test over last decade
Breaking News
Site Index
News
Utah
News
Education
KSL Investigates
Your Life Your Health
Staying Safe
More on the web
Page Two
Family
Uplifting
Lifestyle
Outdoors & Recreation
Religion
LDS Life
Politics
Science & Tech
Odds & Ends
Gephardt Gets It!
iWitness
National
World
Biz/Finance
Consumer
Weather
Forecasts
Current Conditions
VORTEX
Microcast
Water Watch
Snowpack totals
Ramp reports
Lawn Watering guide
Flood/Water Flow
Photo Galleries
Weather Planner
Weather Lab
Ask the Meteorologist
Ski Report
Weather on 5.3
Traffic
Traffic Cams
Special Features
General Conference
Sports
BYU
Coach's Show
Cougar Tracks
My Cougar Stories
U of U
Crimson Corner
USU
Jazz/NBA
Schedule / Stats / Standings
Blog
RSL
Schedule / Stats / Standings
Blog
Prep
Schedule / Scoreboard / Standings
KSL Coaches Poll
NFL
Golf Utah
Stats/Scores
Bleacher Reports
Movies
Movie/Theater Listings
Shows
Studio 5
KSL Outdoors w/ Adam Eakle
KSL 5 News Today
The Browser 5.0
Utah's Morning News
Doug Wright Show
The Browser
Utah's Afternoon News
Nightside Project
KSL Movie Show
KSL Outdoors
KSL Greenhouse Show
Matt Townsend Show
KSL Travel Show
Classifieds
General
Homes
Cars
Utah Jobs
Deals
Local
Help
TV
Bios
Schedule
Contests
More on the Web
Studio 5
Radio
Listen LIVE
Podcasts
Lineup
Bios
Shows
Features
Speaking on Biz
Teacher Feature
Money Matters
Utah Gives Back
Contests
Events
Advertise with KSL
Other Resources
Contact Us / Phone Numbers
Careers with KSL
Careers with DDM
Web Resources
Charity Account Form
Mobile
ksl.com mobile
KSL mobile apps
text alerts
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
DMCA Notice
EEO Public File Report
FCC Public File
Closed Captioning Assistance
Sister Sites
FM100 / Arrow 103.5
Deseret News
Utah.com
Deseret Book
KSL's Children's Television Programming Reports, as well as its FCC public inspection file, are available for viewing during regular office hours at the KSL Broadcast House or online.
The station representative who can assist a person with disabilities with issues related to the content of the public files is Mike Dowdle, available during regular office hours at closed_captioning@ksl.com and (801) 575-5555.
© 2015 KSL.com | KSL Broadcasting Salt Lake City UT | Site hosted & managed by Deseret Digital Media - a Deseret Media Company  v03  Utah News, Sports, Weather and Classifieds | KSL.com news, traffic, weather, sports, classifieds, cars, jobs, homes, television, radio, salt lake, utah, local The KSL.COM Website all summary @kslcom Utah News, Sports, Weather and Classifieds 2005-06-26 text/html en-us no Hfa7cDQ0+6irKfA233lorv0N2hQ99FyQwAkFAkWMk+U= O30FOQofoDpxTMODIl631WAZqlsvtrz_9BGV5nYrchI  website  Copyright (c) KSL.COM true General 1 Day Living Document app-id=609309934 http://www.ksl.com http://www.ksl.com #424242 favicon/tileicon.png
