Barclays | Personal BankingSkip to home page
Skip to header navigation
Skip to main navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer navigation
Personal
Premier
Business
Corporate
Accessibility
Bank
Bank accounts
All personal current accounts
Barclays Bank Account
Premier bank account
Business bank accounts
Switch to Barclays
Account services
Online Banking
Barclays Mobile Banking
Barclays Cloud It
SmartSpend
Register for Online Banking
Travel Services
Payment services
Explore all payment services
Debit cards
Regular payments
International payments
Barclays Pingit
Important information
Fraud prevention
Contact us
Find a branch
Borrow
Loans and overdrafts
All loans products
Personal loans
Premier loan
Top up your loan
Homeowner loan
Professional and Career Development Loan
Overdrafts
Credit cards
All credit cards
Compare credit cards
Balance-transfer credit card
Log in to mybarclaycard
Tips
Improve your credit rating
Borrowing tips
Debt management
Consolidating debt
Improving your home
Buying a car
Tools
Budget planner
Credit Manager
Credit card eligibility checker
Loan repayment calculator
Important information
Fraud prevention
Contact us
Find a branch
Save and invest
Savings
All savings products
Savings interest rates
Compare savings accounts
ISAs and investments
Guide to ISAs
All ISAs
Instant cash ISA
Flexible cash ISA
Investment ISA
Investments
Instant-access savings
All instant access
Everyday Saver
Children's savings accounts
Bonds
All bonds
Fixed-rate bond
Flexible bond
Important information
Fraud prevention
Contact us
Find a branch
Mortgage
Mortgages
All mortgage products
Offset mortgage
Buy to let mortgage
Family Springboard Mortgage
Tracker mortgage
Fixed-rate mortgage
Loyalty mortgage
Great Escape mortgage
Mortgage rates
NewBuy scheme
Tools
Offset mortgage calculator
Mortgage calculator
Barclays Homeowner app
Important information
Fraud prevention
Contact us
Find a branch
Insure
Insurance
All insurance products
Travel insurance
All travel insurance products
Single-trip travel insurance
Extended-trip travel insurance
Annual multi-trip travel insurance
Home insurance
All home insurance products
Combined buildings and content insurance
Buildings insurance
Contents insurance
Finer home insurance
Student possessions insurance
Life insurance
All life insurance products
Life insurance (from Aviva)
Life insurance (mortgage holders)
Life insurance with critical illness cover
Important information
Fraud prevention
Contact us
Find a branch
Services and support
Help and support
Help and support
Lost and stolen card
Fraud prevention
Find a branch
FAQs
Help centre
Contact us
Account services
Online Banking
Barclays Mobile Banking
Barclays Pingit
Digital Eagles
Important information
Fraud prevention
Contact us
Find a branch
Log in
Register
null
Close
Personal Banking
Close
Updated cookies policy - you'll see this message only once.
Barclays uses cookies on this website. They help us to know a little bit about you and how you use our website, which improves the browsing experience and marketing - both for you and for others. They are stored locally on your computer or mobile device. To accept cookies continue browsing as normal. Or go to the cookies policy for more information and preferences.
   To get the most out of this site, it's best viewed on a more up-to-date web browser than your current one. See how to update your browser
Make the most of your ISA
Add up to £15,240 to an ISA in 2015/2016 to benefit from tax-free savings.
Tax-free savings
Open an ISA online
Fixed or variable interest rates
Add money in Online Banking
Explore ISAs
Your current account – built around you
An account designed to fit around your lifestyle, with free and paid-for add-ons to give you total control.
No monthly account fee
Overdraft options available
Personalise your debit card for free
Apply online in 5 minutes
Barclays Bank Account
Ready to change?  Switch to Barclays
Looking for a great loan rate?
You could find out your personalised loan rate before you apply – with no effect on your credit rating. Loans are subject to status and early settlement fees apply.
Personal price quote – with no credit footprint
Quick and easy application
Comes with a price guarantee (conditions apply)
4.9% APR representative on loans of £7,500 to £15,000 over 2-5 years (your rate may be different)
More on Barclayloan
Looking for a new credit card?
Check your eligibility now, without affecting your credit rating.
Choose from our Barclaycard range
From your first credit card, to making everyday purchases or transferring a balance.
View our cards
24/7 banking
On your mobile, online, by phone or in person – we've got a way to bank that suits you.
Online Banking
Barclays Mobile Banking
Barclays Pingit
Our branches
Telephone Banking
Online Banking
Banking at your fingertips, at any time Terms and conditions apply
Day-to-day banking and more
Free and easy to use
Your money is protected – guaranteed  You're automatically protected by our Online Banking Guarantee if you’re an innocent victim of fraud.  
Register now See the benefits
Barclays Mobile Banking
Our improved mobile banking app
Now even easier to use
Find your favourite features fast
Discover the app
Barclays Pingit
Donate to Comic Relief Terms and conditions apply
It’s quick and easy
Add Gift Aid if you’re a UK taxpayer
About the app
Our branches
Come in and see us for that personal touch
On-the-spot card replacement in selected branches
Assisted-service counters to reduce queues In selected branches
Extended opening hours in many branches
Find a branch
Telephone Banking
All your banking needs – just a call away
Fast-track, 24/7 automated service
Get an adviser by pressing ‘0’
Local-rate phone number
How to register
Help your children learn to code
Barclays Code Playground
Get your young ones learning while they play in our Code Playground
Explore Code Playground
Save for the future
From new shoes to new arrivals, we’ve all got something to save for. Our accounts let you track and manage your savings online so you’re always in control.
Cash ISAs
Instant access
Bonds
Children’s savings
Investments
Cash ISAs
You can save up to £15,240 tax free
Cash ISAs
Instant access
Make as many withdrawals as you want, whenever you want
Instant-access accounts
Bonds
Lock your money away for a fixed rate of return
Bond options
Children’s savings
Save on behalf of your kids with our choice of accounts
Children’s savings accounts
Investments
Thinking about investing?
An investment ISA could be a great place to start. Use up to £15,240 of your ISA allowance to get started.
Investments can fall in value and you may get back less than you originally invest.
Investment ISAs
Award-winning mortgages
Whether you’re looking for help to buy, a fixed rate or a tracker mortgage, we can help find the best fit for you. The calculator is for illustration purposes only. Mortgage approval is subject to status and availability.
Best first-time buyer initiative
I'm an existing Barclays customer
I'm looking to buy my first property
I earn
I earn
£ pa
Enter your basic annual income, excluding bonuses, commission etc.
They earn
They earn
£ pa
If you're taking out a mortgage with another person, enter the basic annual income of the second applicant. Exclude bonuses, commission etc.
> Add another applicant
Property value
Property value
£
This is how much the property you wish to buy has been valued at. If you're remortgaging, this figure is the estimated value of your current property.
Minimum property value for our mortgages is £5000
For mortgages on properties over £5M, please call 0800 197 1081.
I have a deposit of
I have a deposit of
£
This is the initial amount you have available to put towards the purchase of the property. This is the amount you wish to borrow against your existing property.
Your mortgage value is too high.
Please call us on 0333 202 7565 to discuss your options. Lines are open Monday to Friday, 8am-9pm, Saturday, 9am-8pm, and Sunday, 10am-4pm. To maintain a quality service, we may monitor or record phone calls. Calls to 0333 numbers are free when calling from a UK mobile. Charges may apply when calling from abroad.
Your deposit value is too high. Please call us on 0333 202 7565 to discuss your options. Lines are open Monday to Friday, 8am-9pm, Saturday, 9am-8pm, and Sunday, 10am-4pm. To maintain a quality service, we may monitor or record phone calls. Calls to 0333 numbers are free when calling from a UK mobile. Charges may apply when calling from abroad.
I want
a capital repayment mortgage ?????????Choose this option if you want your monthly mortgage payments to gradually pay off your mortgage as well as the interest.
an interest-only mortgage ????Choosing an interest-only mortgage may affect the amount you can borrow. Conditions such as a minimum loan amount or larger deposit may apply, so speak to a mortgage adviser to check if you qualify. At the end of the mortgage, you’ll have to pay back the amount you originally borrowed.

Interest-only criteria

There is a minimum income criteria required to be eligible for interest-only borrowing:
Sole application - you must have a gross income of at least £75,000
Joint application - one applicant must have a gross income of at least £75,000
Joint application - where no individual income is over £75,000, joint gross income must be at least £100,000
At the end of the mortgage, you'll have to pay back the total of what you originally borrowed.
We accept a number of different repayment methods and the amount we lend you will depend on which one you use.
For more information, please call us on 0333 202 7573 or visit a branch.
over
over
years
Ensure your repayment term is no less than 5 years.
Ensure your repayment term is no more than 35 years.
Your required loan for this property can’t exceed the amount we could lend you.
This is the amount we could lend you based solely on your income.
We could lend you
NA
Loan to value (LTV) is the proportion of the value or price of the property (whichever is the lower) that you borrow on a mortgage – so, a £90,000 mortgage on a house valued at £100,000 would mean a LTV of 90%.
Loan to value (LTV)
NA
Loan required 
Monthly repayments of
NA
Based on the details entered
Repayment term
NA
The minimum loan amount we offer is £5,000.
For loans over £1M please call us on 0333 202 7565 to discuss your available options
Your home may be repossessed if you do not keep up repayments on your mortgage.
Barclays Mobile Banking how-to video
Check your balances, pay bills and do your daily banking and more, safely and securely on your smartphone – wherever you are. Watch our guide to setting up the Barclays Mobile Banking app.
Contact us
Fraud prevention
Lost or stolen card
Help
Find a branch
CPP
Overdraft charges
PPI
Security certification
Legal information
Accessibility
Cookies
Privacy policy
Careers
Barclays.com
Barclays Bank PLC. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (Financial Services Register number: 122702). Barclays Bank PLC subscribes to the Lending Code which is monitored and enforced by the Lending Standards Board. Further details can be found at www.lendingstandardsboard.org.uk. Barclays Insurance Services Company Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Financial Services Register number: 312078).
Barclays Bank PLC. Registered in England. Registered no. 1026167. Barclays Insurance Services Company Limited. Registered in England. Registered no. 973765. Registered office for both: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP. 'The Woolwich' and 'Woolwich' are trademarks and trading names of Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Business is a trading name of Barclays Bank PLC.
Proud sponsors of the Barclays Premier League & the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals   Whether you want a current account, loan or to save, at Barclays, we have a range of products to suit your needs. See them on Barclays.co.uk General Information, personal, banking, uk, services, current, account, loans, insurance, mortgages, barclays, bank 685D4DAE5295BC9C156623C34F17A6A6 FyxsTQlL50FynDQWDnxthDes72UsbBAdfgWuSVpbfNo Cz0lphgKReoz36OgGOp7EiL07KfU5yAlcUIDmT5bMGs width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=0 IE=edge
