SFG - Breaking News, Blogs, and Trending Stories on The San Francisco GlobeThe San Francisco Globe
Wednesday, April 19, 2017   |     11:05 AM   |     iPhone App  ·  Android App
U.S.ScienceImpactNatureTalentHumorFamilyStoriesArtHome
Senator Rand Paul Announces 2016 Presidential Bid
Kentucky Senator Rand Paul on Tuesday formally announced his plan to run for president in 2016, making him the second official Republican candidate. 
News
Nature
22
"Cuuuutte :)"
RISMA BOWW
17 ?
Family
40
"I'd kick my husband's butt for that and she's probably snoring like that because she is a tired momma but the baby clearly is not sure what to think of the noises coming out of his momma and I also think that the baby wants that reassurance from his momma but she's out. Cute."
CRISTINE PORTER
36 ?
Art
24
"Fire can be a beautiful piece of art."
VICKI SIMS
35 ?
Family
23
"It's a shame how many people feel like he did, and actually do abort. My oldest grandchild, a boy, was born to my 16 year old daughter, and has Down Syndrome. There was never any indication during her pregnancy that he was. Even if there had been, she would never abort her child. I have to be honest after living with and helping raise him, it would have been a blessing to have more grandchildren with Down Syndrome. They have a whole different set of problems than other kids, but I believe those problems are so much easier to deal with. My grandson will be 21 years old in June and is the light of my life."
R J
100 ?
Talent
96
"OMG Dad is smoking hot !!!!"
TERRI SICILIA
411 ?
Home
37
"I want to build one but what about the toilet???"
SHEILA MANGAN
64 ?
Impact
80
"This world would be a better place if all people showed a little human compassion"
ELAINE LETHBRIDGE
108 ?
Nature
61
"Why do ppl have to bother nature, can't they just enjoy it? this man is very lucky and i hope he learned a lesson that he can pass down"
SUE KENNEDY
73 ?
Impact
23
"What an awesome way to honor her son. Our loved ones are always with us and I am glad that she was able to see that he is still a reason to better herself even if he cant be here with her in person. Its never to late to overcome."
KELLY S
51 ?
Science
145
"Yea... technically speaking she can't possibly be for the simple fact that not all of the women in the world were tested... FACT lol!"
ROXANNA PASTOR
197 ?
Science
101
"And what is Canada chopped liver we didn't even show up"
DEBORAH RONDEAU
101 ?
Family
34
"I would want him to play all the time too!"
LISA HOWARD
79 ?
Home
68
"What a amazing place!!"
BRENDA MAYHEW
77 ?
Nature
44
"I once had a horned owl at my apt in LosFeliz Ca come to the door when I opened the door it came in and stood in front of the heater. It was a rainy day. I left the door ajar so it wouldn't feel trapped. It eventually got warm and left."
LAWANA THOMAS
76 ?
Humor
23
"Ignoring the comments about how funny it is/isn't, your all missing the point of how much this shows James' character as a person."
CHRIS NASH
129 ?
Nature
37
"In Oklahoma we don't call that beautiful. We call it Spring."
JON ESLICK
45 ?
Iran Nuclear Deal Framework: What You Need To Know
A framework for a nuclear deal between Iran and several world powers -- including the United States, France, Russia, China, the United Kingdom, and Germany -- was announced on Thursday after months of negotiations. 
News
At Least 147 Killed In Kenya University Attack
At least 147 people, including four gunmen, were killed after armed militants stormed a university in eastern Kenya early Thursday.
News
Lufthansa Alters Safety Protocol Following Germanwings Crash 
Lufthansa, which operates the budget airline Germanwings, has introduced new safety requirements following the revelation that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed a passenger jet into the French alps on Tuesday.
News
Chilling Recording Shows Co-Pilot Intentionally Crashed Germanwings Flight 
Disturbing evidence recovered from a black box voice recorder indicates that the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings Airbus deliberately crashed the plane into the French Alps, killing himself and all 149 other people on board. He has been identified
News
Deadly Germanwings Crash: Here's What We Know So Far
A Germanwings plane traveling from Barcelona, Spain to Dusseldorf, Germany crashed in the French alps on Tuesday, leaving no expected survivors. 
News
Ted Cruz Announces 2016 Presidential Bid
Texas Senator Ted Cruz this week became the first Republican to officially declare his intention to run for president in 2016. 
News
Islamic State Claims Responsibility For Museum Attack That Killed 23
The Islamic State claimed responsibility Thursday for a deadly attack on a museum in Tunisia's capital the day before, which left 23 people -- mostly foreign tourists -- dead and several others injured.
News
Target Raises Minimum Wage To $9 An Hour
According to Reuters, Target will raise its minimum wage to $9 an hour starting next month, following similar moves by rivals including Walmart. 
News
In Pictures: Cyclone Pam Ravages Vanuatu Islands 
Tens of thousands have been displaced.
News
Real-Estate Heir Accidentally Confesses To Murder While Filming Television Show
He made the revelation while filming a six-part HBO documentary about his life. 
News
Michael Brown's Family Condemns Shooting Of Two Ferguson Police Officers
A search is underway for the suspect or suspects who shot and injured two police officers in Ferguson, Missouri on Thursday. 
News
Welcome to SFG
Stay up to date on breaking news, opinion, and trending stories with The San Francisco Globe.
'He Wanted To Punish America:' Jury Hears Closing Statements In Tsarnaev Trial
Arkansas Governor Demands Changes To Religious Freedom Bill 
Amid Backlash, Indiana Governor Mike Pence Alters Indiana Religious Freedom Act
Germanwings Co-Pilot Previously Treated For Suicidal Tendencies
150 Dead After Plane Crashes In The French Alps
Craigslist Attacker Lured Pregnant Woman To Her Home Then Stole Baby Out Of Womb
19 Killed, Mostly Tourists, In Attack On Tunisian Museum 
Netanyahu Says There Will Be No Palestinian State If Re-Elected 
Man Describes Being Carjacked By Boston Marathon Bomber
Two University Of Oklahoma Students Expelled Over Racist Video 
Robin Thicke And Pharrell Williams Will Pay $7.3M Over 'Blurred Lines' Lawsuit
Hillary Clinton Breaks Silence On Private Email Scandal
University Of Oklahoma Shuts Down Fraternity Following Racist Video
Body-Worn Cameras Will Play 'Crucial' Role In LAPD Shooting
Longest-Serving Female Senator In History Announces Retirement 
Russian Opposition Leader Boris Nemtsov Shot And Killed In Moscow
26 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Leonard Nimoy From 'Star Trek' 
Alaska Becomes Third State To Legalize Recreational Marijuana Use 
Patricia Arquette Faces Backlash Over Oscar Acceptance Speech
"American Sniper" Trial Postponed Due To Icy Road Conditions
next
Company
About Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
What We Love
Family  Science  Nature  Talent  
Impact  World  Art  Humor  
Home  Stories  Travel  U.S.  
Technology  Health  
Follow @theSFGlobe
SFG
Copyright © 2014 SFG Media Group, LLC.   All rights reserved
Made with love in San Francisco ?
We?
SF   text/html 3c555cc48db4d466466e 601901 text/html
