PitchforkThe Dissolve
Pitchfork
Pitchfork
Pitchfork
News
Latest News
Advance
Tours
The Pitch
Reviews
Tracks
Features
Cover Stories
Interviews
Articles
Guest Lists
Staff Lists
Columns
Rising
Photo Galleries
Pitchfork.tv
P4K Radio
Best New Music
Best New Albums
Best New Tracks
Best New Reissues
8.0+ Reviews
Staff Lists
2013 Albums | Tracks
2012 Albums | Tracks
2011 Albums | Tracks
2010 Albums | Tracks
2009 Albums | Tracks
2008 Albums | Tracks
2007 Albums | Tracks
2006 Albums | Tracks
2005 Albums | Singles
2004 Albums | Singles
2003 Albums | Singles
2002 Albums
2001 Albums
2000 Albums
2010-2014: Albums | Tracks
The People's List: 1996-2011
P2K: The Decade in Music
2000-04 Albums | Singles
1990s Albums | Tracks
1970s Albums | 1980s Albums
1960s Tracks
Artists
Festivals
Chicago
Paris
Festival Guide
TPR
Featured
Overtones: Evolve With the Flow: How Drake and Kendrick Found Their Voices Sunshine Wishes and Hologram Dreams: Artists on Their Best, Worst, and Weirdest Music Festival Moments Interviews: The Proverbial Wisdom of Earl Sweatshirt Pull the Thread and Unravel Me: Waxahatchee's Katie Crutchfield Update: Fix the Future: Holly Herndon's Collective Vision Update: Perennially Contentious: The Return of Faith No More Show No Mercy: Death Becomes Them: Bell Witch's Doomed Ghost Stories Photo Galleries: Show No Mercy SXSW Showcase Into the Black: Johnny Jewel's Dark Disco Empire Photo Galleries: Pitchfork SXSW Parties 2015 Rising: Bully Op-Ed: Plagiarize This: A Reasonable Solution to Musical Copyright After “Blurred Lines” Interviews: Passion Pit’s Path Through the Darkness Tired and Hungry and Alive: 36 Hours with Courtney Barnett Playing House Update: The Mountain Goats The Liturgy Manifesto Views From the 6: Inside Drake's Toronto Guest Lists: Tobias Jesso Jr. Interviews: Pop Sovereign: A Conversation With Madonna Electric Fling: Let Me Be Your Radio: The Bizarro Universe of Italo Disco The Connection Is Made: Elastica Goes M.I.A. Paper Trail: Unconventional Idol: Kim Gordon's Girl in a Band Interviews: Specifically Ridiculous: Nick Kroll on the Music of “Kroll Show” Show No Mercy: No Words: Sannhet’s Uncategorizable Squall Guest Lists: Alvvays 5-10-15-20: Cannibal Ox Rising: Mumdance Interviews: True Myth: A Conversation With Sufjan Stevens Photo Galleries: Kanye West x Adidas Originals / Roc City Classic
« »
Best New Music
Tracks Albums Reissues
Tame Impala
"'Cause I'm a Man"
"What have I done?" Tame Impala's Kevin Parker knows he's made a mistake. He's not disclosing what's happened—just that he lost control and seems to be pretty torn up in the aftermath. He knows his apologies feel thin, he calls ...
iLoveMakonnen
"Whip It (Remix)" [ft. Migos and Rich the Kid]
When it was originally released last summer, "Whip It" was a loose and casual freestyle featured on iLoveMakonnen's Drink More Water 4 mixtape, amusing if inessential. But now it returns brimming with single potential. The remix features a reworked verse ...
Cakes Da Killa
"Serve It Up"
Queer visibility in hip-hop has begun to reshape the identity of a genre built on safe-guarding its hyper-masculine ideals. Cakes Da Killa has made a career out of putting his talents ahead of played-out taboos, never looking to pacify the ...
Jamie xx
"Gosh"
Jamie xx's dance music uses nostalgia like an instrument; the halcyon days of rave’s first wave are always present, from titles ("All Under One Roof Raving") to the choice of samples to his preference for breakbeats, but the references are ...
Prurient
"Dragonflies to Sew You Up"
By default, something had to be Prurient's most accessible work. Dominick Fernow used 2013's stellar Through the Window as an opportunity to almost completely reframe himself as a dark disco producer rather than a noise artist, all his typical abrasions ...
Jamie xx
“Loud Places” [ft. Romy]
Photo by Jamie-James Medina The xx don’t do loud. They whisper. They turn down. They make you come to them. They don’t do loud places, either; the last time I saw them at a big venue—Manhattan concrete thunderdome Terminal 5—their ...
Lower Dens
Escape From Evil
Lower Dens' Escape From Evil siphons its aesthetic from the storied pop of the '80s, but it's not content to stop at homage. The Baltimore band uses the past, its clichés and its innocence, as a lens through which to imagine a queer and open future.
Jlin
Dark Energy
Dark Energy, the first release from the Indiana footwork producer Jlin, contains all the hallmarks of the heart-racing house music subgenre—frenzied pacing, arrhythmic kick drums, a graphic command of blank space—but executed with a clear-eyed self-determination. The music's happy/scary tension taps into the thrill and release in activating anger.
Sufjan Stevens
Carrie & Lowell
Sufjan Stevens has always written personally, weaving his life story into larger narratives, but here his autobiography is front and center. Carrie & Lowell is a return to the stripped-back folk of Seven Swans, but with a decade's worth of refinement and exploration packed into it. 
Lead Belly
Lead Belly: The Smithsonian Folkways Collection
This 5xCD set is the first full career retrospective of one of the most significant musicians of the twentieth century. It’s also a blast.
Led Zeppelin
Led Zeppelin IV/Houses of the Holy/Physical Graffiti
The three most recent Led Zeppelin reissues, comprising Led Zeppelin IV, Houses of the Holy, and Physical Graffiti, find the band at the height of their imperial phase—everything they tried during these years somehow worked.
The Staple Singers / Pops Staples
Freedom Highway Complete/Don't Lose This
To mark the 50th anniversary of the Staple Singers’ legendary 1965 performance at New Nazareth Church, the live album Freedom Highway has been remastered and restored to its original setlist and runtime. Don't Lose This finds Jeff Tweedy completing, at Mavis Staples' behest, a handful of spare guitar and vocals songs that Pop Staples recorded before he died in 2000.
News
Kurt Cobain Doc Montage of Heck Clip Features Unreleased Song, Frances Bean Talks About Her Father for First Time
Florence and the Machine Share "Ship to Wreck"
 - 2h
"Twin Peaks" Cast Records Video Asking David Lynch to Come Back
 - 6h
Chromatics Share New Song "In Films"
 - 1h
Towkio Teams With Chance the Rapper on "Heaven Only Knows"
 - 7h
City of Boston Proclaims Tomorrow "Riot Grrrl Day" in Honor of Kathleen Hanna
 - 1h
Beck and Karen O to Honor Lou Reed, Miley Cyrus to Induct Joan Jett at Rock Hall Ceremony
 - 36m
Tyler, the Creator Launches Golf Media App
 - 1h
Panda Bear Shares "Tropic of Cancer" Video Directed by Animal Collective's Avey Tare
 - 6h
Sharon Van Etten Announces New EP I Don't Want To Let You Down
 - 6h
Jack White, T Bone Burnett, Robert Redford Present American Epic Series of Films and Recordings
 - 6h
Freddie Gibbs, Kaytranada Team Up on "My Dope House"
 - 2h
The Soft Moon's "Wasting" Video Stars Robert Forster (Jackie Brown)
 - 4h
TV on the Radio Share "Trouble" Video
 - 8h
Coachella Set Times Announced
 - 15h
Mic Terror and DJ Phil Share "N Dis" From Teklife and Treated's Live From Your Momma's House EP
 - 3h
St. Vincent Does "Teenage Talk" on "The Tonight Show"
Death Cab for Cutie Add Dates With Explosions in the Sky, Twin Shadow, and Best Coast
Faith No More Add Dates With Refused
Andrew Bird's Cover of New Pornographers' "The Fake Headlines" Gets New Video
Read more news »
? Back More ?
Reviews
Apr 08 Apr 07 Apr 06 Apr 03 Apr 02
Waxahatchee
Ivy Tripp
By Brandon Stosuy
Ivy Tripp, Waxahatchee's first album for Merge, shares an unhurried and natural mood with the best '90s indie rock. Though 2012's breakthrough Cerulean Salt had more people playing on it, Ivy Tripp feels bigger, in part because Katie Crutchfield is growing increasingly confident. 
Sicko Mobb
Super Saiyan Vol. 2
By Meaghan Garvey
The individual components of this Chicago bop outfit's sound are familiar, cherry-picked from Atlanta trap, Chicago footwork, and drill, but their particular fusion is unique. On their second full-length, the songs are loaded with euphoric hooks and melodic twists and turns. 
Royal Thunder
Crooked Doors
By Zoe Camp
The Atlanta hard rock band Royal Thunder's 2012 debut, CVI, offered a self-assured, diverse take on heavy psych. On their sophomore effort, the trio expand upon the anthemic aims of their debut, bolstered by a new guitarist, a proggier palette, and an amazing backstory.
Broken Water
Wrought
By Liz Pelly
The Olympia trio Broken Water, who formed in 2008, specialize in a weary yet cathartic sort of dream punk. Their third LP Wrought searches for beauty in monotony and interrogates everyday oppressions, but for all the broad strokes of their politics, Broken Water are ultimately concerned with what they can evoke on an emotional level.
Anna Caragnano & Donato Dozzy
Sintetizzatrice
By Andy Beta
This collaboration between Italy’s ambient techno artist Donato Dozzy and Rome-based vocalist Anna Caragnano focuses on the sound of Caragnano's effervescent and honed voice, which is thie only instrument on display. Dozzy finds fascinating ways to mirror, multiply and fracture Caragnano’s flexible voice across nine tracks.
Toro Y Moi
What For?
By Ian Cohen
Toro Y Moi’s new album serves as further evidence that malleability is the project's most endearing quality. If What For? is Chaz Bundick’s "indie rock album," the "rock" part is a vestigial appendage: This is guitar music without abrasion or yearning.
GABI
Sympathy
By Philip Sherburne
Gabrielle Herbst studied composition at Bard with new-music heavyweights like Zeena Parkins and Marina Rosenfeld, and she also has an unabashed love of pop. The vocals on her intriguing debut evoke both the pointillist harmonies of '60s girl groups and the contrapuntal clockworks of Meredith Monk.
Colleen
Captain of None
By Matthew Murphy
Captain of None is the sixth solo album from French multi-instrumentalist Cécile Schott. She's still working with her Renaissance-era instrument treble viola da gamba, but is now using it in particularly inventive ways.
Say Lou Lou
Lucid Dreaming
By Katherine St. Asaph
As the twin daughters of the Church's Steve Kilbey, Elektra and Miranda Kilbey have a better connection to 1980s revivalism than most. They've trod the pop boards as Say Lou Lou since 2012, and on Lucid Dreaming, which features production from Lindstr?m and Richard X, their dusky, romantic sound is crystallized into a formula.
Shlohmo
Dark Red
By Jonah Bromwich
Henry Laufer, the Los Angeles producer who records and performs electronic music as Shlohmo, has always been a fan of distortion, but on his second full-length he’s beating his synths to hell.
The Mountain Goats
Beat the Champ
By Jeremy Gordon
The Mountain Goats' new LP is dedicated to John Darnielle's childhood pro-wrestling heroes, using the particulars of their lives to explore his own personal mythology. There’s a noble simplicity to these songs, reflecting Darnielle’s warm memories of his fandom.
Various Artists
Next Stop Soweto Vol. 4: Zulu Rock, Afro-Disco & Mbaqanga 1975-1985
By Joe Tangari
This Strut compilation follows the march of underground psych and soul into the disco era. In the process, it gives us a glimpse at the South Africa that grooved under oppression of apartheid.
American Wrestlers
American Wrestlers
By Ian Cohen
American Wrestlers is the home-recorded project of Gary McClure, and his album boasts some of the virtues of his circa-2011 Fat Possum labelmates: the dog-eared alt-rock melodies of Yuck; the lo-fi, low-end thump of Youth Lagoon; the oddball psych odysseys of Unknown Mortal Orchestra.
Lapalux
Lustmore
By Marcus J. Moore
On his second LP, Lapalux forgoes the patchwork approach of his debut, merging saxophones and billowing synths with results resting somewhere between James Blake's sparsity and early 2000s neo-soul. 
Marching Church
This World Is Not Enough
By Zach Kelly
As the frontman for Iceage, Elias Bender R?nnenfelt has carried the Danish punks across three good-to-great albums. With this side project Marching Church, R?nnenfelt enlists members of Lower, Puce Mary, and others for an improvisational avant-garde LP that stretches the boundaries of the soul recordings that inspired it.
Lower Dens
Escape From Evil
Best New Music
By Sasha Geffen
Lower Dens' Escape From Evil siphons its aesthetic from the storied pop of the '80s, but it's not content to stop at homage. The Baltimore band uses the past, its clichés and its innocence, as a lens through which to imagine a queer and open future.
The Soft Moon
Deeper
By T. Cole Rachel
Since 2010, Louis Vasquez of the Soft Moon has twisted his personal demons into songs, quietly breathing new life into gothy post-punk. New album Deeper finds him with his most assured production yet. 
Ludacris
Ludaversal
By Rawiya Kameir
Ludaversal, Ludacris' first album in five years, is a not-very-subtle attempt at testing his staying power against the current crop of boundlessly engaging Atlanta rappers.  Despite production from current-day heavy hitters like Da Internz and Mike WiLL Made It, he still comes off like a relic from the past, the class clown who never quite grew up. 
The Sonics
This Is the Sonics
By Jason Heller
This Is the Sonics is their first studio album of all-new material by the garage-rock pioneers in 49 years, but what’s even more remarkable is how one of garage rock’s most legendary bands has dared to test their legend by making a record that spits, snarls, drools, honks, wails, and screams as if it were 1966 all over again.
Michael Rault
Living Daylight
By Stuart Berman
Michael Rault trades in his earlier persona, which telegraphed a devotion to early rock ‘n’ roll, for wonderfully woozy, glitter-speckled power pop. Living Daylight was initially released last year in Canada on Pirates Blend in seven-song EP form, this enlarged 10-song version is being promoted by Burger as Rault’s proper introduction to the world.
Jlin
Dark Energy
Best New Music
By Anupa Mistry
Dark Energy, the first release from the Indiana footwork producer Jlin, contains all the hallmarks of the heart-racing house music subgenre—frenzied pacing, arrhythmic kick drums, a graphic command of blank space—but executed with a clear-eyed self-determination. The music's happy/scary tension taps into the thrill and release in activating anger.
Death Cab for Cutie
Kintsugi
By Ian Cohen
Kintsugi is Death Cab's first album without Chris Walla. It was produced by Rich Costey, who has worked with Muse and Foster the People, and though it has been framed as a new beginning, little of Kintsugi gives the impression that Gibbard’s motivation to reboot Death Cab is matched by legitimate inspiration.
Wale
The Album About Nothing
By Claire Lobenfeld
After the push-and-pull of his MMG years, Wale gazes back towards his past on his fourth album, nodding to his 2008 "Seinfeld"-referencing breakout The Mixtape About Nothing and attempting to recast his audience's perception of him.
T-Pain
The Iron Way
By Matthew Ramirez
Rap and R&B is currently run by artists Auto-Tuning their emotions into weird new places. T-Pain did it first. But while visionaries in his wake took his sound and spun it into new directions, T-Pain is content to still warble T-Pain songs, and his next mixtape The Iron Way is half-killer, half-filler.
Yonatan Gat
Director
By Paul Thompson
In the much-missed Monotonix, guitarist Yonatan Gat was the anchor, but his music since is clearly the product of a frenzied, restless spirit. Here, Gat and company touch on everything from bossa nova to soukous, Tortoise-style jazz-rock to the head-swimming spazz-outs of Ponytail.
Enter your email address for updates from Pitchfork! No spamming or soliciting from us, seriously.
Pitchfork.tv
Music Videos
The Soft Moon - "Wasting"
Music Videos
Pallbearer - "Watcher in the Dark"
Music Videos
Andrew Bird - "The Fake Headlines" (The New Pornographers Cover)
SXSW 2015
Vince Staples performs "Blue Suede" at SXSW
SXSW 2015
Vince Staples performs "Trunk Rattle"
NRMAL 2015
Metz perform "Nervous System"
SXSW 2015
Courtney Barnett performs "An Illustration of Loneliness (Sleepless in New York)"
SXSW 2015
Rae Sremmurd performs "No Type"
SXSW 2015
Windows98 (Win Butler) DJ set
SXSW 2015
Speedy Ortiz performs "MKVI"
SXSW 2015
Title Fight performs "Mrahc"
SXSW 2015
Will Butler performs "Witness"
« »
The Pitch
A Dispatch From the D.I.Y. Opera Scene
The Makings of an Empire
Pitchfork at the Plate
Shake Appeal: Coneheads, MAMA, Mean Jeans, the Ar-Kaics, Aquarian Blood, Slugga, Platinum Boys
The Latest Nirvana Oral History Is More Mythmaking
In Defense of Fangirls
Who Got the Camera? N.W.A.'s Embrace of "Reality," 1988-1992
The Prosperity Gospel of Rihanna
When Divas Talk Back
Tidal and the Elusive Promise of Streaming Music
Tracks
Carly Rae Jepsen
"All That"
Best New Track
Truss
"Kymin Lea"
Truss: "Kymin Lea" (via SoundCloud)
Psychic Reality
"Island"
Psychic Reality: "Island" (via SoundCloud)
Lakker
"Pylon"
Lakker: "Pylon" (via SoundCloud)
Oddisee
"That's Love"
Oddisee: "That's Love" (via SoundCloud)
Hot Chip
"Need You Now"
Tame Impala
"'Cause I'm a Man"
Nozinja
"Xihukwani"
Nozinja: "Xihukwani" (via SoundCloud)
Bitchin Bajas
"Marimba"
Bitchin Bajas: "Marimba" (via SoundCloud)
Pinkwash
"Cancer Money"
iLoveMakonnen
"Whip It (Remix)" [ft. Migos and Rich the Kid]
iLoveMakonnen: "Whip It (Remix)" [ft. Migos and Rich the Kid] (via SoundCloud)
Mix Mup
"Seaweed"
Mix Mup: "Seaweed" (via SoundCloud)
Upset
"Glass Ceiling"
Upset: "Glass Ceiling" (via SoundCloud)
Future
"March Madness"
Tarcar
"Eija"
Tarcar: "Eija" (via SoundCloud)
Container
"Eject"
Container: "Eject" (via SoundCloud)
Features
Overtones
Evolve With the Flow: How Drake and Kendrick Found Their Voices
Drake and Kendrick Lamar’s new albums are vastly different hip-hop artifacts, but they both feature rappers honing in on their message by exploring the outer reaches of the most elemental tool available to them—their voices. By Jayson Greene.
Interviews
The Proverbial Wisdom of Earl Sweatshirt
At 21, Earl Sweatshirt is reckoning with the persona he’s built up so far—as a hermit, as a recluse, as a guy who names his new album I Don’t Like Shit, I Don’t Go Outside—and finding a humane path through the misanthropy. By Jayson Greene.
Articles
Sunshine Wishes and Hologram Dreams: Artists on Their Best, Worst, and Weirdest Music Festival Moments
With festival season upon us once again, we asked more than 30 artists—including ?uestlove, Jessie Ware, A$AP Ferg, and Speedy Ortiz—to tell us their greatest and/or most ridiculous summer fest stories.
Articles
Pull the Thread and Unravel Me: Waxahatchee's Katie Crutchfield
Katie Crutchfield sings and writes songs with an emotional specificity that makes it sound like she’s shining a light on her most crippling anxieties. But that vulnerability is just one side of her story; the rest isn’t even a little frail. By Jillian Mapes.
Staff Lists
2014: Top 50 Albums | Top 100 Tracks
The Decade So Far (2010 - 2014):
Top 100 Albums | Top 200 Tracks
2013: Top 50 Albums | Top 100 Tracks
2012: Top 50 Albums | Top 100 Tracks
P2K: The Decade in Music
More Staff Lists »
Articles
Into the Black: Johnny Jewel's Dark Disco Empire
Ian Cohen finds out how the mastermind behind Chromatics and Glass Candy perfected his bleary kind of cool—and how he escaped a kidnapping, cultivated an independent (and lucrative) ethos, and befriended Ryan Gosling along the way.
Update
Fix the Future: Holly Herndon's Collective Vision
Rather than using technology as an agent of isolation, this accomplished academic, singer, and composer looks to make philosophical electronic music that shines a spotlight on the cooperative nature of our modern world. By Philip Sherburne.
Articles
Tired and Hungry and Alive: 36 Hours with Courtney Barnett
With her deadpan delivery and keen eye for quotidian detail, Australian singer/songwriter Courtney Barnett provides the calm narration of a deeply hysterical reality. By Amanda Petrusich.
Update
Perennially Contentious: The Return of Faith No More
After spending much of the ‘80s and ‘90s gleefully blowing up rock orthodoxy, Faith No More are back with their first album in 18 years. Stuart Berman talks to them about going DIY for the new record and why they don't like being called a metal band.
More features ? •••
Pitchfork
© 2015 Pitchfork Media Inc.
All rights reserved.
Reviews
Albums
Tracks
Pitchfork.tv
Pitchfork.tv
News
Interviews
Photos
New Releases
Tours
Audio
Video
WTF
Echo Chamber
Features
Interviews
Articles
Guest Lists
Staff Lists
Columns
Soundplay
Soundplay.
Best New Music
Best New Albums
Best New Tracks
Best New Reissues
8.0+ Reviews
Festivals
Chicago
Paris
Artists
Pitchfork Artist Index
More Info
RSS
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Jobs
Advertising
Staff
Contact
Google+  text/html; charset=UTF-8 Pitchfork en_US  The essential guide to independent music and beyond. Pitchfork 758a0d63bde64c2097ac9409818861
