Perez Hilton - Hollywood's Hottest Celebrity GossipViolence • Viral: News • Kim Kardashian • Khloe Kardashian • Reality TV
Perez Posse login | Sign up
Home Videos Photos
PerezHilton CocoPerez Emma Stone Babies Bruce Jenner PerezTV Contact Perez
Meet The Bad A$$ Grandma Who Miley Cyrus Will Basically Be In 60 Years!
4/08/2015 6:31 PM ET | Filed under: Silly! • Miley Cyrus • GIFs • Instagram
Even though Miley Cyrus is still young, there's no doubt in our minds that she'll be a HIGHlarious mom in the future!
But… did anyone think about how she'll actually be as a grandma?? Granted, it's a super long ways from now since she's only 22 — but if we had to predict what Miles would be like in her golden years, the singer would totally mimic good 'ole Baddie Winkle!
You know, Baddie Winkle — the woman who's basically the badder version of Betty White aka Miley Cyrus 60 years from now. LOLz!
[ Photos: Odd & Slightly Inappropriate Celeb Selfies! ]
The 86-year-old social media superstar blew away the people of the Internet when she stepped onto the scene last April, and now she's made it onto the We Can't Stop singer's Instagram page!
You're probably wondering in what ways Miles and Baddie are similar besides the fact that they're both cool AF.
Well, let's count the ways, shall we?? Read the rest of this entry »
Permalink / Comment Here / Email this  »
The Infamous Mary Kay Letourneau And Her Former-Student-Now-Husband Will Sit Down With Barbara Walters Ahead Of Their Tenth Anniversary!
4/08/2015 6:20 PM ET | Filed under: TV News • Barbara Walters • Love Line • Wedding Waltz
Wow, it's been 10 years since they got married??
Barbara Walters will be hosting Mary Kay Letourneau and her former-student-now-husband Vili Fualaau for an exclusive interview on Friday April 10th on 20/20.
The three will get together on the eve before the tenth wedding anniversary of Mary Kay and Vili and the exclusive interview will also give viewers a look at the couple's two teenage daughters for the first time ever.
[ Related: Amal Clooney Nabs The Top Honor As Barbara Walters' Most Fascinating Person Of 2014! ]
Mary Kay Letourneau is famous for having an affair with Vili Fualaau when she was his 35-year-old teacher and he was her 13-year-old student in the Seattle area.
Mary Kay was married at the time when they were Read the rest of this entry »
Permalink / Comment Here / Email this  »
Nick Jonas Gets Pretty Damn Naked In His Latest Movie Careful What You Wish For!
4/08/2015 6:16 PM ET | Filed under: Film Flickers • Nick Jonas • Skin
Your Reaction?
We want this. NOW.
You all know Nick Jonas can do no wrong, but that's never been more clear than in the trailer for his new movie Careful What You Wish For!
That's because the 22-year-old hottie gets rid of those pesky clothes he always seems to be wearing, and opts for a more natural look.
[ Video: Nick Jonas Premieres Special Edition Chains Video! ]
The movie is a romantic-horror affair that also stars Isabel Lucas and Dermot Mulroney, so it's going to be as well-acted as it is sexy!
Best of all, Careful What You Wish For is already out in limited release, so you don't have to wait long at all.
Ch-ch-check out the trailer and some naked stills from the film (above & below)!!! Read the rest of this entry »
Permalink / Comment Here / Email this  »
Happy LOST Day! Celebrate By Finding Out… Where Are The Stars Now??
4/08/2015 6:12 PM ET | Filed under: TV News
It's LOST Day!
In case you didn't know, today's date is the first in which the show's infamous numbers pop up in order: 4/8/15!
Fans around the world are celebrating, which got us thinking — where are all the stars of the hit TV show now??
Sure, a lot of people are still confused over where the castaways were, but if you want to know what your faves have been up to lately, that's a bit easier! Just…
CLICK HERE to see the gallery "LOST — Where Are They Now??"
CLICK HERE to see the gallery "LOST — Where Are They Now??"
CLICK HERE to see the gallery "LOST — Where Are They Now??"
CLICK HERE to see the gallery "LOST — Where Are They Now??"
CLICK HERE to see the gallery "LOST — Where Are They Now??"
[Image via ABC.]
Permalink / Comment Here / Email this  »
Which Jenner Sister Face-Planted On The Beach During A Photo Shoot: Kendall Or Kylie?? Find Out HERE!
4/08/2015 6:00 PM ET | Filed under: Oops! • Fashion Smashion • Beach • Kylie Jenner • Kendall Jenner • GIFs • Instagram
OMG. It's a good thing Kylie Jenner has a sense of humor!
While on set with Kendall Jenner for a photo shoot in El Lay, the 17-year-old totally took a tumble in the sand!
Ouch! Maybe she should leave the modelling to her experienced older sis?
[ Related: Hilary Duff Calls Kylie A 'Trendsetter' ]
But she was hardly embarrassed after getting helped up by her security. She even posted the video to her Instagram on Tuesday, writing:
"Lmfao I'm done ?? @kendalljenner our security are too nice"
Well, this ought to distract everyone from her recent photo shoot controversy and those racy Snapchat pics!
Or does it? Watch the full video and catch her epic fall (below) and let us know! Read the rest of this entry »
Permalink / Comment Here / Email this  »
Jill Duggar's Baby Israel David Broke A Hospital Record Before He Was Even An Hour Old — But How?!
4/08/2015 5:55 PM ET | Filed under: Baby Blabber • The Duggars
Just a few days out of the womb and Israel David is already breaking records! It must run in the family!
Jill Duggar gave birth to her first child late Monday evening and shortly after the delivery she and husband Derick Dillard were told they welcomed a record breaker!
[ Related: The Birth Of Baby Israel Didn't Go As Jill Had Planned It! ]
Not bad for someone who has only been born for less than an hour!
The 23-year-old revealed that her son is the longest baby the hospital delivered this year AND there was only one baby the same amount of inches born in 2014! Read the rest of this entry »
Permalink / Comment Here / Email this  »
RUDE! Presidential Hopeful Sen. Rand Paul Lectures Female Interviewer… Again!!
4/08/2015 5:50 PM ET | Filed under: Politik • Sad Sad
If you want to ever have any chance of being the President of the United States of America, it's probably not a good idea to alienate an entire half of its population.
By that we mean, presidential hopeful Sen. Rand Paul seems to enjoy lecturing interviewers, specifically women. He's pretty damn rude to some of them!
What's funny (or just sad) is it's usually when he's being asked about his flip-flopping on major issues or his dangerously ignorant opinions on vaccinations.
Most recently, while speaking with Savannah Guthrie, he interrupts her, scolds her for interrupting him, and then tells her how she should be conducting the interview.
[ Related: Missouri Votes Away LGBT Rights! ]
It's absolutely ridiculous how he handles himself and Savannah should be given a medal for keeping her cool!
Check out the video (below) to see Rand Paul embarrass himself on TV yet again. Read the rest of this entry »
Permalink / Comment Here / Email this  »
1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 Next »
Is Rob Kardashian About To Turn The Tables On Kris Jenner?! Check Out The Reality Star's Plan For Kris' Intervention HERE!
Watch out, Kris Jenner!
[ Related: Kris Says She Worries Rob Is 'Gonna Die' & Plans To Help Him ]
Remember last Sunday on Keeping Up with the Kardashians when Kris tried to stage an intervention for Rob Kardashian?
Well, according to Radar Online, Rob has a little intervention of his own planned for the momager.
A source close with the family has revealed the reality star feels like Jenner is not only harsh to him, but she's suffering from her own set of concerning problems.
Hmm, very inneresting! Considering the momma has just gone through a divorce with Bruce Jenner, we could understand why the 59-year-old might need some help!
The source explained:
Read more »
[Image via WENN.]
VineEmailViber
Advertising info
Giuliana Rancic Hasn't Talked To Kelly Osbourne Or Kathy Griffin Since The Fashion Police Fiasco! Here's What She's Saying About Her Coworker Drama!
The Boston Marathon Bomber Found Guilty On All 30 Counts
'No Kardashian Parking' Signs Pop Up All Over Hollywood!! Find Out What The Deal Is With These Signs HERE!
Have You Ever Seen Ellen Laugh So Hard?? Watch Amy Schumer Turn The Tables On The Host HERE!
Jill Duggar Reveals The Birth Of Baby Israel David Didn't Go Exactly As Planned! What Went Wrong??
Sofia Vergara Wishes She Had 'Fake Boobs' -- But Her All Natural Girls Are Totally Stealing The Cover Of Vanity Fair!
Paris Jackson Is In Love & Incredibly Happy! Find Out About Michael Jackson's Daughter's New Man HERE!!
More Details Emerge About Emma Stone & Andrew Garfield's 'Break' -- Was The Couple Fighting Too Much?
Celebrities Outraged, Saddened Over Shooting Death Of Walter Scott
Jennifer Aniston Reveals Her Strict Diet For Looking Fabulous At 46! Does The Actress Ever Allow Herself A Cheat Day?!
The 23 Most Shocking Celebrity Breakups EVER!
25 Of The Most Controversial Reality TV Characters Of All Time!
Celebrity Post-Baby Bodies!
Radio Perez
Featured
Newest
Perez
Live & Exclusive!
Perez Tv Originals
Therapy With Perez
Celebs
Music
Television
Movies
Politik
Etc.
or
1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6
Next »
Home | About | Copyright statement | Conditions of Use | Privacy Notice | Sitemap
Advertising | Report technical problems | Perez Posse signup FAQ | RSS
© 2005-2015 PerezHilton.com  text/html; charset=UTF-8 7194517B76439A893EB37CE8733FCBAE qglU8HAcnf57Vs2kL70RP4fzNl6V7Wwhk-5Imy9jeOU 1236f683124f133aa3dbeb8727141b29 Perez Hilton dishes up the juiciest celebrity gossip on all your favorite stars, from Justin Bieber to Kim Kardashian. Are you up-to-date on Hollywood's latest scandal?! celebrity gossip, Hollywood gossip, juicy celebrity rumors, Perez Hilton, Mario Lavandeira, celebrity blog requiresActiveX=true f4noNRNmylRngbEW7tfdgZWcCimPVmeG
