Download WTFast client    WTFast
Home
Subscribe
Partners
Daily
Support
Account
Translate
WTFast is the Gamers Private Network (GPN), a global data network designed specifically for MMO Gamers and their game data. The WTFast GPN ensures you always have the optimal game connection - increasing your game speed, reducing your game disconnects, response deviation & lag.
Download Get Premium Version
Made by MMO gamers, for MMO gamers.
We have the best technology and the best connection available. We streamline your data to the game server so you can PWN the enemy before they can say WTFast!?
As Seen On...
Testimonials*
Well, I was pinging anywhere from 290 to 350 before I used the program. Now I am consistently running at 90ms. If I'm in a 5 man instance it's capping at about 120. I'll let you know how it does in a raid. So far the program has done more than I could have wished for. - Alan from Louisiana
Dang this WTFast is great, ms went from 430 to around 112. - Ron from Alberta
I've gone from about a 400-450 ping about 180-250ms. - Simon from UK
* results may vary
Popular supported games

see all...
General
About Us / Press
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Download
WTFast Daily (Blog)
Product
Subscribe
Manage Account
Create Account
Games Supported
Partners
Partner Overview
Partners
Partner Offers
Affiliates
Team Sponsor
Support
Support Center
Support Tickets
How to uninstall WTFast
Contact
Contact Us
Facebook Page
Twitter Page
Google+ Page
LinkedIn Page
Youtube Page
Copyright 2009-2015
All game trademarks, service marks, trade names, product names and logos appearing on this site are the property of their respective owners. WTFast is a 3rd party service; WTFast isn’t endorsed by or reflect the views of the games supported.  text/html; charset=utf-8 reduce wow lag, latency, lower ping, World of Warcraft Lag, WOW Lag, WOW Reduce Lag, WOW Ping, Reduce Ping, Reduce Lag, LowerPing, Lower wow lag, world of warcraft ping, wow ping times,aion lag,reduce mmo ping times,how to reduce ping,how to lower ping,reduce ping Our WTFast proprietary software can cut your latency in half or better!  Reduce lag spikes, reduce disconnections, improve raid performance, reduce LOS and warping issues and more! 11df12a801f3d406-da7a7276d91b8bd9-g4eb8e0e93e4a1835-e
