The official website for European football – UEFA.comAccessible version
The official website for European football
News
Video
Live scores
Teams & players
Community
Mobile
Tickets
Store
Login
Login
 facebook
Windows Live ID
Google
Yahoo!
Log in using your Facebook, Windows Live, Google or Yahoo! account
Or log in with your UEFA.com account
E-MailThere seems to be a problem with the email you have entered. Please check your address is valid and re-enter.
PasswordPlease choose a password
Keep me signed in
LoginForgot your password?
  Account settings
Preferences
Log out
Register
English 
English 
Français
Deutsch
???????
Espa?ol
Italiano
Português
???
Member associations 
Women's football 
UEFA Training Ground
More results
search
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA EURO 2016
European Qualifiers
UEFA Youth League
All competitions 
UEFA.com
 The official website for European football
SSI Err
Today's matches:
Domestic competitions (19)
See all matches
10:49:54 PMbackground
Talking Point
UEFA Champions League
Porto v Bayern: reporters' view
Our FC Porto match reporter David Crossan and FC Bayern München correspondent Andy James take an insightful look at this repeat of the 1987 European Cup final.
Porto-Bayern in depth
Szcz?sny, Lewandowski glad
Robben suffers injury
Porto v Bayern facts
  Featured video
Watch Zidane's 2002 final volley
Courtois: My dream five-a-side team
Belgium and Chelsea FC’s Thibaut Courtois reveals his dream five-a-side lineup to UEFA.com.
Highlights: Youth League final four
Photos
Background: Atlético v Madrid
Classic UEFA Champions League quarter-finals
UEFA club rankings 
Association club coefficients
Club coefficients
Country Clubs Pts
1 Spain 4/7 96.142
2 England 0/7 80.391
3 Germany 2/7 78.558
4 Italy 3/6 67.676
5 Portugal 1/6 61.049
6 France 2/6 52.250
7 Russia 1/6 50.332
8 Ukraine 2/6 43.666
9 Netherlands 0/6 40.979
10 Belgium 1/5 37.000
Last updated: 20/03/2015 07:23 CET
Full standings
Editorial picks
UEFA Champions League
Nordic continental stars
Paris Saint-Germain's Zlatan Ibrahimovi? heads into the UEFA Champions League quarter-finals as a Nordic record holder. UEFA.com salutes the northern nations' top performers.
UEFA Youth League
Leya Iseka in profile
Joint-top scorer in the UEFA Youth League, we profile RSC Anderlecht's 17-year-old Aaron Leya Iseka, the latest talent off the Belgian football production line.
  UEFA Training Ground
Rolf? takes Crossbar Challenge
Link?pings FC star Fridolina Rolf? is the latest player to take on the UEFA Training Ground Crossbar Challenge. See how many points she can score.
Shaqiri gives you his dribbling tips
Switzerland star Xherdan Shaqiri gives you his advice on how to improve your skills when running with the ball.
Masterclass: Fletcher on passing
In the first of three videos on the art of passing, Scotland midfielder Darren Fletcher explains some of the basics skills you need to know including awareness as well as weight and timing of your pass.
Explore
UEFA Training Ground
Play You're the boss
Ever fancied yourself as the next José Mourinho? Play the UEFA Training Ground's game You're the boss now.
UEFA Champions League
Goal of the Week
Leroy Sané, Carlos Tévez, Casemiro, Vincent Aboubakar and Thiago Silva compete for your vote.
UEFA Champions League
Your favourite goals
Winning isn't everything
After Zinédine Zidane spoke to UEFA.com about his 2002 final volley we asked if it was your favourite ever UEFA Champions League goal, and if not, what is? Here are your choices.
With so many teams thriving despite losing and drawing as many games as they have won, we scour the record books for the sides who succeeded without actually winning much.
Paris v Barcelona: reporters' view
Zidane on Ronaldo
Your Nordic favourites
UEFA.com's Paris Saint-Germain correspondent Chris Burke and FC Barcelona reporter Graham Hunter discuss where the quarter-final will be won and lost.
"It's his ambition to be the best," Zinédine Zidane said of one of his successors at Real Madrid CF, Cristiano Ronaldo, as he told UEFA.com what makes the club special.
We asked our followers on Facebook and Twitter who their favourite Nordic players to have appeared in Europe's top club competition are. Here's what they told us.
Member associations
Barça, Madrid win
The top two in Spain recorded victories on Wednesday night meaning FC Barcelona – 4-0 victors against UD Almer?a – remain four points ahead of chasers Real Madrid CF.
Gormley chasing high score
Joy for Auxerre, Juve
Atlético defeat La Real
"Cliftonville brought me here to score goals," said Joe Gormley, whose Northern Irish league tally is up to 29, a domestic total only two European superstars can better.
Nine-time winners Juventus eased into their 15th Coppa Italia final on a night when AJ Auxerre upset holders EA Guingamp to make the French Cup decider.
Antoine Griezmann scored against his former employers as Club Atlético de Madrid registered their third succesive Liga victory, defeating Real Sociedad de F?tbol 2-0 at home.
Under-21
Thorup's Danish optimism
The March performances of keepers Jakob Busk Jensen and Frederik R?nnow, new left-back Patrick Da Silva and two clean sheets bode well for Denmark ahead of the finals.
Under-21 finalists' pre-tournament friendlies
Cornelius earns Denmark victory over US
UEFA Europa League
All-time records
Radamel Falcao set an all-time record with 17 goals in a single UEFA Europa League season, with Henrik Larsson and Giovanni Trapattoni also pioneers in the competition.
'It' figures: quarter-finals by numbers
Top scorers in a single European game
UEFA Women's Champions League
VfL's double coup
Holders VfL Wolfsburg have started planning for next season by agreeing deals with Olympique Lyonnais to sign Lara Dickenmann and ?lise Bussaglia on free transfers.
Wolfsburg to face Paris, Br?ndby through
Roseng?rd hold Wolfsburg, Paris and Br?ndby win
UEFA Youth League
In profile: Roma
Going well in Italy, an AS Roma squad with Serie A and senior international experience face Chelsea FC in the semi-finals determined to play all their cards.
In profile: Chelsea
With a crop of players who have already sampled first-team action, Chelsea FC are hoping to add European silverware to their haul of recent domestic youth successes.
Futsal Cup
A true Sporting lion
Sporting Clube de Portugal's Jo?o Matos says the club is a "family" and discusses the semi-final with FC Barcelona, the likely atmosphere in Lisbon and beating Inter FS.
Lisbon Futsal Cup finals a sell-out
Barcelona's Lozano set for Sporting
Trending now
@ChampionsLeague
Follow all of the latest news and have your say on the upcoming quarter-finals with the official competition Twitter feed.
Wednesday 29 May 2013 14.07CET
Financial Fair Play
What is it? How does it work? We tell you all you ever needed to know about Financial Fair Play and its implementation.
Friday 28 February 2014 12.12CET
Fantasy app
You can create, manage, and get updates on your mobile with the official UEFA Champions League Fantasy Football app.
Sunday 14 September 2014 10.00CET
@EuropaLeague
The official Twitter feed is live from everywhere the UEFA Europa League is throughout the 2014/15 campaign.
Thursday 18 September 2014 13.18CET
Follow us
UEFA.com on Facebook
UEFA.com on Twitter
UEFA.com on Google+
UEFA.com on YouTube
UEFA.org
News
UEFA Youth League
Helping to bridge the gap
Ahead of the UEFA Youth League finals, UEFA General Secretary Gianni Infantino, writing in UEFA•direct, hails the positive impact of the competition and looks forward to an exciting future.
Related Items
Youthful energy a central theme to finals weekend
Roma v Chelsea, Anderlecht v Shakhtar in semis
UEFA Youth League: finals details confirmed
Women's football
WFLP helping women thrive
Introduced as a result of feedback from the national associations, the UEFA Women in Football Leadership Programme has made a significant impact in its first year.
Poland
Leszek Rylski mourned
Leszek Rylski, a member of the UEFA Executive Committee from 1956 to 1968 and former chairman of the UEFA Finance Committee, has passed away at the age of 96.
More UEFA.org news
UEFA links
Financial fair play
Disciplinary
Anti-doping
Social responsibility
Football development
Medical
Marketing
Careers
Media
Executive Committee
Nations League format
The UEFA Executive Committee's December meeting confirmed the format of the UEFA Nations League and appointed the Netherlands to host UEFA Women’s EURO 2017.
UEFA EURO 2016
Decisions upheld
The UEFA Appeals Body has upheld the decisions made by the UEFA Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body for Albania's qualifier against Serbia in October.
About UEFA
Emergency Panel: Crimea
The UEFA Emergency Panel has decided that any football matches played by Crimean clubs organised under the auspices of the Russian Football Union will not be recognised by UEFA.
More press releases
Popular media links
Media centre
Media accreditation
Press kits
Calendar
Library
UEFA.com
 The official website for European football
Competitions
- Club -
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Super Cup
UEFA Youth League
- Futsal -
Futsal EURO
FIFA Futsal World Cup
Futsal Cup
- National -
UEFA EURO 2016
UEFA EURO 2020
FIFA World Cup
Under-21
- Youth & Amateur -
Under-19
Under-17
Regions' Cup
Women's football
UEFA Women's EURO
Women's World Cup
UEFA Women's Champions League
Women's Under-19
Women's Under-17
News
Video
Women's football development
Profiles
Channels
News centre
Teams & players
Video
UEFA network sites
UEFA Training Ground
UEFA Grassroots Day
UEFA.com on Facebook
UEFA.com on Twitter
UEFA on YouTube
Store
Tools
RSS feeds
Calendar
My UEFA.com
Login
Register
My UEFA.com
Change language:
English
Français
Deutsch
???????
Espa?ol
Italiano
Português
???
UEFA.com
Send your feedback
Contact us
Help / FAQ
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Sitemap
Accessible version
UEFA.org
© 1998-2015 UEFA. All rights reserved.
The UEFA word, the UEFA logo and all marks related to UEFA competitions, are protected by trade marks and/or copyright of UEFA. No use for commercial purposes may be made of such trade marks. Use of UEFA.com signifies your agreement to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.  IE=edge text/html; charset=utf-8 Europe's football website, UEFA.com, is the official site of UEFA, the Union of European Football Associations, and the governing body of football in Europe. UEFA organises some of the most famous and prestigious football competitions on the European continent including the UEFA Champions League, the UEFA Cup and the UEFA European Football Championship (UEFA EURO 2012, UEFA EURO 2016, etc). The website features live video streaming of many UEFA competitions together with an extensive video archive and mobile service. In addition, via the Football Europe section, there is coverage of the 54 national association domestic leagues, the route to UEFA's club competitions; the UEFA Organisation section covers all corporate activities at UEFA, while Training Ground promotes grassroots football initiatives and elearning modules. UEFA,Union of European Football Associations,Union Européenne de Football Association,Europe,Football,Soccer,Calcio,Fussball,Fu?ball,F?tbol,Futebol,UEFA Champions League,Champions League,UEFA Cup, EURO 2008, EURO 2012,European Championship,FIFA,FIFA World Cup,World Cup,Michel Platini,MatchCentre,Match Centre,Football Europe,Fantasy Football,Fanzone,Magazine,Live Video,Replay,Vodcast,Mobile,Stadium,Training Ground,Referee,Players,Coach uefa.com sport_league UEFA.com http://www.facebook.com/uefacom http://img.uefa.com/imgml/icons/social/og/uefacom.jpg Europe’s football website, now on Facebook. UEFA.com 100000241027088,523586153,100000890143867 241194762579707 width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0
