Home - Sun GazingNature
Health
Inspiration
Humanity
Browse
About
Shop
Select Page
What is Sun Gazing?
The Sun Gazing Community was born out of a growing awareness that suffering is an optional state of being. Through our postings, we have sought to encourage all those seeking spiritual progress in their daily journey. Learn more
Advertisement
LATEST POSTS
This Mom Is Completely Fed Up With Her Children At Dinner That She Does THIS
Dinner, Mom, Solution, Technology, Video
It is no surprise to anyone who has kids how this video begins.  In a world filled with technology bringing the family together for dinner has become one of the toughest jobs for parents around the world.  Whether it’s iPads, video games, phones, or TV everybody...
DIY: Make Your Own Beautiful Seashell Candles
Art, candle, DIY, Seashell, Spray Paint, Video
With the warm weather finally here and summer right around the corner its time to break out the patio furniture and beach gear.  If it feels a bit too early for all that, then try making these fun little candles.  They seem like the perfect accessory to liven, and...
She Steps Out Of The Car For Only a Few Seconds. Then? It Tore My Heart To Pieces
Driving, PSA, Safety, Texting, Video
A 2010 experiment with Car and Driver magazine editor Eddie Alterman, which took place at a deserted air strip, showed that texting while driving had a worse impact on safety than if you were driving while intoxicated. While legally drunk, Alterman’s stopping...
Woman Pours Baby Oil On a Roll Of Paper Towels. The Reason? Brilliant
Baby Wipes, DIY, Video
Baby wipes are needed, and arguably essential, for cleaning and freshening up babies and young children.  Some brands are well made yet expensive, others cheap but low quality, and almost all contain ingredients that can cause irritation in some babies with sensitive...
What These Giraffes Do Will Blow You Away
diving, Giraffe, pool, Video
This group of giraffes really know how to put on a show!  The incredibly realistic clip stars acrobatic giraffes doing impressive somersaults and tucking in their long necks off a high diving platform into a large aqua blue pool below.  Their aerial flips look...
These Two Women Were In Their Boat, When They Looked Up? They Saw This
Uncategorized
Two girls enjoying a canoe ride on the River Shannon had the luck of the Irish on their side when they happened across a beautiful display, courtesy of mother nature. They had set out on the water to do some exploring and took their cameras along to document the trip....
Nobody Believed Him When He Described His Boxer’s Nightly Ritual, So He Got A Camera and Caught THIS
Baby, Dogs, Pacifier, Sleep, Video
Most dog owners agree that their pups are their little fur babies. Some of these fur babies are more like children than the others. Meet Princess Leia the 9 month old Boxer, who can’t fall asleep with out sucking on her pacifier. It is probably the most adorable...
This Fox Heard Something Moving Around In The Snow. His Response? Brilliant
Fox, Hunting, Video
There are all sorts of interesting fox facts. Arctic foxes don’t even feel cold until temperatures get down to -70 degrees Celsius (-94 Fahrenheit). Some foxes like to sleep in trees. Red foxes have the widest geographical range of any carnivorous species and...
« Older Entries
Advertisement
Advertisement
Home
Privacy Policy
User Agreement
Copyright
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
© 2015 Sun Gazing | May all beings be released from suffering.   en_US website Home - Sun Gazing http://www.sun-gazing.com/ Sun Gazing https://www.facebook.com/sungazing1 529591350501050 http://www.sun-gazing.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/top-store-ad-717x1024-1.png 7bXNgyBtr1lGC7tPg2kK0zu09ik__Z4YIqZLSKJ3l04 Sun Gazing Custom Theme v.1.0.0 WordPress 4.0 width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=0
