Rotoworld - Fantasy Baseball, Basketball, Football, Baseball and Hockey. Draft guide, news, projections, cheatsheets, depth charts and more.Welcome, Guest  Login | Register | Contact / Help | My Roto



HOME
MLB
NFL
NBA
NHL
BPL
GOLF
NASCAR
NFL DRAFT
DAILY
FANDUEL
Games
Features
Forums
Mobile
Shop
Tickets






Glass' 79th Masters Preview
Bubba Watson has won two of the last three Masters and a favorite to don the green jacket again this year at Augusta National Golf Club.
» Live Chat Replay: 79th Masters » Playing the Tips: 79th Masters » Tindall: 79th Masters Preview » Get your Golf products here! » Get Golf tickets
Top Headlines
NBA:Derrick Rose plays 19 minutes, scores 9
NFL:Panthers to host free agent CB Peanut Tillman
NBA:Nerlens Noel (ankle) doubtful vs. Chicago
NBA:Tony Parker will play on Wednesday night
MLB:Brantley scratched with lower back stiffness
MLB:Brandon Belt dealing with minor groin strain
NBA:Antetokounmpo to bench, Dudley starting Wed
MLB:Seth Smith sidelined with groin tightness
MLB:Morneau (neck) talks his way into Rox lineup
MLB:Arrieta goes seven scoreless to defeat Cards
NBA:Lance Stephenson (toe) out Wed., maybe more
GOL:VIDEO: Nicklaus records first-ever ace @ ANGC
Headlines: NFL | MLB | NBA | NHL | GOLF | NAS | CFB | BPL
Highest Searched Players over the last 7 days
1D. RoseNBA (5545)
2D. WadeNBA (5331)
3K. DurantNBA (5212)
4R. GayNBA (5082)
5P. GeorgeNBA (4938)
6K. LowryNBA (4774)
7C. DavisMLB (4710)
8A. PetersonNFL (4440)
9H. WhitesideNBA (4434)
10J. HamiltonMLB (4431)
Video Center
«
1
2
3
4
»
 
Beer's NBA 6-Pack: Wednesday
 
Beer's MLB 6-Pack: Wednesday
 
Beer's MLB 6-Pack: Monday
 
Beer's NBA 6-Pack: Friday
 
Draft: Norris on Shaq Thompson
 
Pepsi's Frozen Five: Thursday
 
Beer's NBA 6-Pack: Wednesday
 
Draft: Clemson's Grady Jarrett
Baseball Columns
Opening Day Aftermath
Apr 8
A blockbuster trade has already shaken up the top of the closer tiers.
» Daily Dose: Bad Latos Apr 8
» Daily Dose: Pedroia Power Apr 7
» Daily Dose: Play Ball! Apr 6
» More MLB columns
Football Columns
NFL Draft Needs: Bengals
Apr 8
Josh Norris and Evan Silva look at the Bengals' biggest needs and project each of their 2015 NFL Draft selections.
» NFL Draft Needs: Browns Apr 8
» Run Fast, Jump High, Score TDs Apr 8
» NFL Draft Needs: Schedule Apr 8
» More NFL columns
  Basketball Columns
The DNP Parade
Apr 8
Ryan Knaus examines the impact of injuries and DNPs for a handful of key players around the league, including Rudy Gay and DeMarcus Cousins.
» Dose: Silly Season is Here! Apr 8
» Use It or Lose It Apr 7
» Daily Dose: Brook Lopez Feasts Apr 7
» More NBA columns
Hockey Columns
Season Review Nuggets
Apr 8
Kevin Brown takes the gloves off as he reviews his preseason predictions in this week's Fantasy Nuggets.
» Dose: Outlive the Kings Apr 8
» Fantasy Hockey Live Chat Apr 7
» Fantasy All-Star Team Apr 7
» More NHL columns
Golf Columns
Glass' 79th Masters Preview
Apr 8
Bubba Watson has won two of the last three Masters and a favorite to don the green jacket again this year at Augusta National Golf Club.
» Live Chat Replay: 79th Masters Apr 8
» Our Picks: 79th Masters Apr 7
» Tindall's 79th Masters Preview Apr 6
» More GOL columns
NASCAR Columns
The Duck Commander 500
Apr 8
Can anyone touch Kevin Harvick at Texas? Brian Brown looks for an answer to the BIG question of 2015.
» Chasing Texas Apr 7
» Easter Break Stats Apr 4
» Chasing Easter Apr 3
» More NAS columns
NFL Draft Columns
NFL Draft Needs: Bengals
Apr 8
Josh Norris and Evan Silva look at the Bengals' biggest needs and project each of their 2015 NFL Draft selections.
» NFL Draft Needs: Browns Apr 8
» NFL Draft Needs: Schedule Apr 8
» NFL Draft Needs: Packers Apr 7
» More CFB columns
Premier League Columns
The Bargain Hunter - Week 32
Apr 8
Steve Rothgeb offers up his best budget options for Week 32 in the Premier League.
» Best XI: Week 31 Apr 7
» By The Numbers Week 32 Apr 7
» Monday Morning Manager - WK31 Apr 5
» More BPL columns
Team Pages
MLB
NFL
NBA
NHL












Blogs
Twitter
HardballTalk
Latest news and rumors from the MLB.
ProFootballTalk
Latest news and rumors from the NFL.
ProBasketballTalk
Latest news and rumors from the NBA
ProHockeyTalk
Latest news and rumors from the NHL
GolfTalkCentral
Latest golf news and analysis
CollegeFootballTalk
Latest news and rumors from CFB
ProSoccerTalk
Latest news and rumors from the Premier League
Follow Fantasy Baseball - @Rotoworld_BB
» M. Pouliot »  D.J. Short » D. Silva » R. Boyer
» N. Grimm » D. Shovein
Follow Fantasy Football - @Rotoworld_FB
» E. Silva » A. Levitan » P. Daugherty » N. Mensio
» M. Clay » C. Gresham » J. Ratcliffe
Follow Fantasy Basketball - @Rotoworld_BK
» S. Alexander (DR.A) » R. Knaus » A. Bruski
» M. Gallagher » E. Norof
Follow Fantasy Hockey - @Rotoworld_HK
» M. Finewax » J. O'Brien » G. Katsaros
» R. Dadoun » K. Brown » C. Abbott
Follow Fantasy Golf - @RotoworldGolf
» R. Bolton » R. O'Sullivan » M. Glasscott
» N. Brown » J. Culp » D. Tindall
Follow NFL Draft - @Rotoworld_Draft
» J. Norris » T. Nystrom » R. Fulton » G. Peshek
Follow Fantasy Premier League - @Rotoworld_PL
» N. Thurman » N. Argiropoulos » J. Spitzberg
» G. Dragiev » S. Rothgeb
Season Pass | Yahoo Baseball | Play Daily Fantasy
Player News
MLB
|
NFL
|
NBA
|
NHL
|
GOLF
|
NAS
|
CFB
|
BPL
American /
National
Steven Souza - OF - Rays
Steven Souza went 1-for-2 with a pair of walks in Wednesday's win over the Orioles.
Souza attempted to steal after drawing a two-out walk in the seventh inning, but was caught by catcher Ryan Lavarnway. Souza, the Rays' prize in the three-way Wil Myers trade, has the potential to provide plenty of mixed league value with both power and speed, particularly if he continues to bat near the top of the Rays' lineup.
Apr 8 - 10:26 PM
Rick Porcello - S - Red Sox
Rick Porcello was handed a loss in his Red Sox debut after giving up three runs in six innings against the Phillies.
Porcello was really quite sharp, getting grounder after grounder. It was just unfortunate for him that one of his worst pitches of the night followed a Darin Ruf walk that included a couple of borderline pitches and a grounder through the 4-3 hole that wouldn't have existed had the first baseman not been holding on Ruf. Jeff Francoeur followed with a homer, and that's all the Phillies would need.
Apr 8 - 10:25 PM
Brad Boxberger - R - Rays
Brad Boxberger recorded his first save of the season, striking out the side in the ninth inning against the Orioles on Wednesday.
Boxberger allowed a lead-off infield single to Alejandro De Aza, but struck out Steve Pearce, Travis Snider, and Adam Jones in succession to wrap up the ballgame. The performance is no surprise, as Boxberger fanned 104 in 64 2/3 innings last season. Jake McGee is likely to reclaim the closer's role once he's healthy, but Boxberger could pitch his way into an extended look which would allow the Rays to ease McGee back.
Apr 8 - 10:24 PM
Miguel Gonzalez - S - Orioles
Miguel Gonzalez limited the Rays to just one run over 5 2/3 innings, but still took the loss on Wednesday.
Gonzalez struggled with his control, walking five on the evening. He was able to dance around it until the sixth inning. After getting two quick outs, he walked Evan Longoria and Desmond Jennings before giving way to Brian Matusz, who also struggled with his control, eventually walking in the first run of the game. Aside from the walks, Gonzalez yielded three hits and struck out five. He'll look to improve in his next start at home against the Yankees.
Apr 8 - 10:20 PM
Jeff Francoeur - OF - Phillies
Jeff Francoeur went 2-for-4 and hit a three-run homer off Rick Porcello in Wednesday's defeat of the Red Sox.
Francoeur can be labeled a feel-good story, but it should be remembered that he hit .227/.227/.295 with 11 strikeouts and no homers in 44 at-bats to make the Phillies this spring. He got a hold of one tonight, and it was an impressive shot in poor conditions for hitting, but it was also a very bad offspeed pitch that deserved to be hammered. What we're trying to say is that one probably shouldn't rush to pick up Francoeur in fantasy leagues.
Apr 8 - 10:20 PM
Jake Odorizzi - S - Rays
Jake Odorizzi held the Orioles scoreless over 6 2/3 innings en route to a win on Wednesday.
Odorizzi got the first two outs of the seventh inning but was taken out after 93 pitches in favor of reliever Jeff Beliveau. On the evening, Odorizzi yielded only two hits without a walk while striking out seven. It's a 2015 debut that's sure to leave the Rays feeling pleased as punch. Odorizzi is looking to improve on last season's 4.13 ERA. Given that he struck out 174 in 168 innings, he's shown that he has the potential to be much better. Odorizzi will face the Blue Jays on the road in his next outing.
Apr 8 - 10:15 PM
A.J. Pierzynski - C - Braves
A.J. Pierzynski homered for the only runs of the game as the Braves beat the Marlins 2-0 to complete a three-game sweep Wednesday.
Everything is coming up Braves. Pierzynski also walked, which is hardly a scarcer feat that him homering. In 2013, he had 17 homers and 11 walks for the Rangers. Last year, he had five homers and 14 walks in 338 at-bats for the Red Sox and Cardinals.
Apr 8 - 10:15 PM
Shelby Miller - S - Braves
Shelby Miller was lifted after throwing five scoreless innings Wednesday against the Marlins.
Miller had good velocity tonight, but since it took him 97 pitches to get through five, he wasn't in position to get the win in a game in which the Braves didn't score until the seventh. He'll probably need to get used to it.
Apr 8 - 10:12 PM

Baseball Forums
2015 Buy Lows and Sell Highs/Sell Lows and Buy Highs
Never too early to take advantage of needless panic. Never too early to cut ties on busts and get value while you can. A...
Aaron Harang 2015 Outlook
Over/under on runs allowed vs Red Sox? 6?
4/8/2015 Mega Game Thread
Nice to see Miggy on the board. So far 1-1 BB, and a RBI double
Archie Bradley 2015 Season Outlook
Scheduled to start on Saturday. He should have a thread.
Site Links
Advertising
Jobs
Help / Contact Us
Privacy Policy
AdChoices
Terms of Service
Site Map
Independent Programming Report
Tickets
Sports Jobs
Facebook
Facebook
Twitter
Rotoworld - @Rotoworld
Football - @Rotoworld_FB
Baseball - @Rotoworld_BB
Basketball - @Rotoworld_BK
Hockey - @Rotoworld_HK
Golf - @RotoworldGolf
NFL Draft - @Rotoworld_Draft
Premier League - @Rotoworld_PL
Fantasy Guides
Baseball Draft Guide
 Baseball Season Pass
Football Draft Guide
Football Season Pass
Basketball Draft Guide
 Basketball Season Pass
Hockey Draft Guide
 Hockey Season Pass
2015 © NBC Sports Digital.
All Rights Reserved  IE=8 INDEX,FOLLOW fantasy sports, fantasy, baseball, basketball, football, hockey, fantasy news, draft guide, nfl, mlb, nhl, nba, nascar, golf Rotoworld - Fantasy Baseball, Basketball, Football, Baseball and Hockey. Draft guide, news, projections, cheatsheets, depth charts and more. If you play fantasy sports, get breaking news and immerse yourself in the ultimate fan experience. Free up-to-the-minute player news including injuries, rankings, depth charts, cheat sheets, mock draft, stats and much more. en-us text/html; charset=UTF-8 index,follow 960;URL=http://www.rotoworld.com/default.aspx?rw=1
