Independent Journal ReviewDASHBOARD
SIGNUP/LOGIN
Filter
Menu
Customize the stories in the mosaic with the following options:
Category
Include All Categories
Elections
Nation
Culture
Education
Politics
Lifestyle
World
Entertainment
Sports
Legal
Science
Weird News
Business
Companies
Economy
Industry
Markets
Arts
Books
Celebrities
Movies
Music
TV
Headlines
Health
Humor
Religion
Editor's Choice
Technology
Military
Press Releases
Cricket
Rank By
Views
Date
Dates
Update  
Home Latest Stories Most Popular About Us Advertise Policies Privacy Contact
Search Results
Recently Viewed Articles
You haven't viewed any articles recently. What are you waiting for?
Logout
The Students Were Calling Her 'Rhino Face.' Then One Mom Was Faced with a Difficult $7,000 Decision.
By Justen Charters
A Driver is Stunned When a Man Comes Running at Him. What the Man Does Afterwards is the Real Story.
By Kyle Becker
McCain’s Running for Re-election at 80. What Other Politicians Just Can’t Seem to Hang Up Their Hats?
By Reid Mene
SIGN IN
IJReview is a news, politics & culture forum for everyday Americans who need to know what is fun and important now. IJR blends relevant news with social media share-ability. Sign up for an account to get your own customized dashboard of stories or to comment.
Sign In with Facebook Sign In with Google
Forgot your username or password?
Back
Login
By creating your Independent Journal Review account you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Create an Account
Most popular
250K
1
By Chris Martin    (1 day ago)
White House Tell-All Reveals What the Staff Saw Clintons Do...And It Does Not Bode Well for Billary
Overheard at the White House...
215K
2
By Kara Pendleton    (9 hours ago)
Where this Secret Tunnel Hidden Inside a Wardrobe Leads Is a Very Worrying Thing for Americans
The tunnel was found inside a home...
172K
3
By Kyle Becker    (1 day ago)
A Charleston Man is Shot by Police. A Man in the Bushes Records What's Now Being Called 'Murder.'
A police officer is being charged with "murder." But what does the video show?
107K
4
By Chris Enloe    (11 hours ago)
This Map Shows the Most Liberal and Most Conservative Cities in Each State
Wonder no more...
97K
5
By Kyle Becker    (7 hours ago)
Rand Paul Has Brilliant Retort for 'Today' Host Who Goes Off on a Rant Instead of Doing Interview
"So I just wonder if you'd mellowed out"...
85K
6
By Joseph Perticone    (8 hours ago)
The Jury Reaches a Verdict in the Trial of Boston Marathon Bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev
The moment many have been waiting for...
77K
7
By Frank Camp    (9 hours ago)
It's Official: A Name Everyone Has Been Using to Call Hillary Clinton Has Been Labeled 'Sexist'
"I think it's pretty unjust..."
62K
8
By Larry O'Connor    (1 day ago)
Leading Democrat Just Dealt a Serious Blow to Obama’s Plan to Circumvent Congress on Iran
"I strongly believe Congress should have the right to disapprove any agreement..."
44K
9
By Reid Mene    (9 hours ago)
Why Flying's Going to Get a Whole Lot Easier for You If You Are a Woman with Curly Hair
Many women with "big hair" are more than thrilled....
40K
10
By Jed Smith    (6 hours ago)
Mom With Cancer Says a Word That Causes Airline to Remove Her Entire Family From the Plane
'All these people are waiting and I'm being removed as if I'm a criminal...'
Latest Stories
Newsletter Signup
Enter your email address to sign-up and receive exclusive news, and more.
Stay Connected
Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Join on Google+
By Justen Charters   (3 hours ago)
The Students Were Calling Her 'Rhino Face.' Then One Mom Was Faced with a Difficult $7,000 Decision.
Too much, or was she just being a good parent?
By Kyle Becker   (4 hours ago)
A Driver is Stunned When a Man Comes Running at Him. What the Man Does Afterwards is the Real Story.
This driver was just going along minding his own business...
By Reid Mene   (4 hours ago)
McCain’s Running for Re-election at 80. What Other Politicians Just Can’t Seem to Hang Up Their Hats?
"I work 16-hour days. Look at what I've done for Arizona and America."
Contributor Content from The Journal
1
By A.C. Spollen    (1 day ago)
There Was A Murder In New York's Upper West Side. The 'Victim' Was Pretty 'Shady.'
'Police believe a neighbor used an axe or hatchet...'
2
By J. Cal Davenport    (5 days ago)
Don't Stop Reading About Indiana’s Religious Freedom Law. Michigan Might Be Next.
'The governor has outlined what kind of law he would sign...'
3
By A.P. Dillon    (5 days ago)
This North Carolina State Senator Asked for the 'Sergeant At Arms.' Then He Ran Away.
'Most of the senators welcomed the constituents who were asking questions...'
4
By Teri Anderson    (7 days ago)
New Sign of Just How Bad California's Drought Is Prompts Shocking Policy Shift from Governor Brown
'The announcement will hit California farmers hard...'
5
By Lilia Dashevsky    (7 days ago)
While Everyone Focuses on Indiana, Sweeping Moves Were Made by Arizona on Abortion
"Planned Parenthood’s staff misinformed her..."
6
By Lilia Dashevsky    (8 days ago)
Arizona’s 'Deadly Force' Bill Vetoed After One Unexpected Group Weighed In With a Crucial Point
'The bill was designed to protect the names of police officers' involved in shootings like Ferguson...'
7
By Ryan Hill    (8 days ago)
Activists Rallied for Education in Oklahoma. Things Began To Get Heated Over One Issue.
“They ignored your demands for change. You must make them listen."
8
By TJ Thompson    (8 days ago)
Nine Indiana Businesses Just Penned A Letter on Religious Freedom. They Have One Key Concern.
'Companies like Angie's List and Anthem are asking the governor to take immediate action...'
9
By Sister Toldjah    (9 days ago)
North Carolina's Governor Just Picked a Side in the Debate Over 'Religious Freedom' Laws
'He didn't mince words and has one question for people who disagree with him...'
10
By John Brodigan    (9 days ago)
New York’s Governor Just Enraged Activists By Dropping His Support for Key Agenda Item
'It looks like another dead end for activists hoping for a big change...'
11
By Brendan McGlone    (9 days ago)
Illegal Alien Prison Riot That Left It 'Uninhabitable' Had an Unexpectedly Devastating Consequence
"We have been depending on inmates. What else can we do?"
Latest Stories
Newsletter Signup
Enter your email address to sign-up and receive exclusive news, and more.
Stay Connected
Like on Facebook Follow on Twitter Join on Google+
By Katie LaPotin   (4 hours ago)
After Controversial Shooting of Walter Scott, SC Mayor Wants to Equip All Officers With One Of These
'We do not condone wrong...'
By Amanda Ghessie   (5 hours ago)
Rand Paul May Have Made a Big Announcement Yesterday, But Someone Else Steals The Show
The crowd erupted in cheers.
By Lawrence Bonk   (5 hours ago)
Find Out How Many Millions of Dollars Your Favorite Actors Are Earning
Are Hollywood payouts on the decline? Not according to these figures.
By Chris Enloe   (5 hours ago)
Guest on MSNBC with Ed Schultz Questions Sen. Chuck Schumer's Patriotism Over Iran Nuclear Deal
Is his loyalty with 'Benjamin Netanyahu or with the President...?'
By Chris Martin   (6 hours ago)
Chris Matthews Drops a 'GD' Bomb When Discussing GOP War Hawks' Attack Ads on Rand Paul
"All this money that's trying to create a right-wing hawkish Republican nominee..."
By Jed Smith   (6 hours ago)
Mom With Cancer Says a Word That Causes Airline to Remove Her Entire Family From the Plane
'All these people are waiting and I'm being removed as if I'm a criminal...'
By Chris Martin   (6 hours ago)
When Obama Maligns Walker’s Foreign Policy Experience, Walker Targets Obama’s Middle East Failures
“President Obama’s failed leadership has put him at odds with many across the country..."
By Kyle Becker   (6 hours ago)
Greg Gutfeld Comes Up with Inventive Punishment for Boston Marathon Bomber. Too Cruel and Unusual?
"It's not 72 virgins, it's 96 tears"...
By Victoria Taft   (7 hours ago)
What NBC’s Brian Williams Was Willing to Blame for His Problems Telling the Truth Is a Head Shaker
'We could not force his mouth to form the words...'
By Kara Pendleton   (7 hours ago)
Kansas Decides on Whether Second-Trimester 'Dismemberment' Abortion Procedure Is Legal
Several others states are considering similar legislation...
By Kyle Becker   (7 hours ago)
Rand Paul Has Brilliant Retort for 'Today' Host Who Goes Off on a Rant Instead of Doing Interview
"So I just wonder if you'd mellowed out"...
By Victoria Taft   (7 hours ago)
What Happens During Marie Harf's Presser Teaches Us to 'Always Expect the Unexpected' at State Dept
"I guess I will go get my iPhone..."
By Lawrence Bonk   (7 hours ago)
Air Force Guardsmen's Toughest Test Just Might Be What They Have to Endure with a...Rubber Chicken
A whole new meaning to playing 'chicken...'   IE=edge initial-scale=1.0,maximum-scale=1.0,minimum-scale=1.0,user-scalable=no,width=device-width IJReview is a news, politics & culture forum for everyday Americans who need to know what is fun and important now. IJR blends relevant news with social media share-ability. summary_large_image @ijreview Independent Journal Review @ijreview Home https://www.ijreview.com 251714254848821 0 website Independent Journal Review Independent Journal Review IJReview is a news, politics & culture forum for everyday Americans who need to know what is fun and important now. IJR blends relevant news with social media share-ability. https://www.ijreview.com auto en_US http://static.ijreview.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/ijr.jpg?a73abf 770b5b250556c52fa42a70dc373c541b
