Mobile LikesBeauty
Funny
Entertainment
Technology
Celebrity News
World News
Lifestyle
Fun Facts
Heartbreaking Video Illustrating Why You Should Never Leave A Child In A Car At The Shops
You might not think it’s a big deal to leave your child in the car while you quickly pop into the shops for some milk and basic groceries, but this confronting video shows how easy it is to get carried away or distracted.
6 Reasons To Make Yourself Go To The Gym
It might not sound appealing, I know, but just do it! Here are six very convincing reasons why a few months down the line you’ll be so grateful you started going to the gym a couple times a week.
12 Awesome Rare Photos From History
We can hear stories of how different the world once was and be amazed. But for some of that long history, we have photos to go with it. These are some pretty rare images that offer further insight into days gone by.
Watch Rapper “Plies” Gets Thrown Off Stage By A Fan
A rapper named Plies was performing in Florida on Good Friday when he invited a fan up on stage with him, but things take a turn for the worse and pretty soon the whole crowd is fighting!
8 Things To Do Before A First Date
Before you get too excited, this isn’t a “do these eight things and you’ll definitely get laid” gallery. These are just general pointers that every guy should tick off before he meets up with a girl for a first date if he ever hopes to get a second.
5 Seemingly Straightforward Things You’re Probably Doing Wrong
I don’t want to tell you how to live but unfortunately, I kind of have to. You see, the modern world has altered our lives in more ways than you had probably considered before. It might be time to do something about it. Either that, or just keep on ignoring them…
Watch Guy Get Denied Entry To Restaurant For Looking Homeless Then Drive Past In Ferrari
Josh Paler Lin is at it again breaking down stereotypes by visiting the same restaurants as a homeless person (but with enough cash visible in his hand to afford a meal) and then again as a high roller to see how differently the staff treat him.
Psycho NYPD Officer Apologizes For Screaming At Uber Driver In Viral Video
NYPD Detective Patrick Cherry has had a tough time ever since a video of him screaming at an Uber driver who apparently “drove up fast behind him” exploded all over the Internet. Now he has publicly apologized, but it seems the damage is already done.
You Won’t Believe This Bizarre Hungarian Easter Tradition
Some of us eat Easter eggs, others go to church… Hungarians chase their women down the street throwing buckets of water on them!
Mother & Daughter Pair Up To Start An Autistic Dating Site Together
Olivia Cantu and her mother Kristen Fitzpatrick have filled a gap in the market by starting a dating site for people with autism to mingle.
The Burger-King Wedding: When a Burger Marries a King
It is not every day you happen to come across a wedding which could sound like the couple are about to enter in to fast-food royalty.
English Police Hire Magicians To Spread Awareness Of Pickpocketing
What better way to teach unsuspecting civilians a lesson in the dangers of pickpocketing than hiring a bunch of magicians to roam around the streets of Birmingham nicking people’s stuff and leaving behind calling cards?
Owner of Revenge Porn Website Gets Sentenced to 18 Years In Prison
In the first ever US criminal prosecution of a cyber-exploitation site operator, a San Diego man is going to spend the next 18 years in prison for running a revenge-porn website.
Woman Fights Crocodile To Save Daughter’s Life
A woman has used a bat to fight off a crocodile which was attempting to drag her daughter into a river in India. The brave woman was able to save her daughter’s life.
Oldest Person In The World Passes Away At 117 Years Old
Japanese great grandmother Misao Okawa has sadly passed away just weeks after celebrating her 117th birthday.
Thousands Witnessed Lunar Eclipse Blood Moon On Saturday
The west coast of the United States and parts of Asia and Australia were lucky enough to catch a glimpse at the very rare “blood moon” that occurred in the early hours of Saturday morning, April 4.
Seventeen Year Old In the Body of a 104 Year Old Dies
Hayley Okines, sufferer of an extremely rare condition that makes her appear far older than she actually was has died at the age of just seventeen.
This Is What A Pile Of Every Human In The World Would Look Like
Check out what it would look like if every single person in the world gathered to form a human pyramid inside the Grand Canyon!
Naked Woman Tries To Rob A Convenience Store
Police say that a woman who attempted to rob a convenience store in West Virginia last Thursday was found naked in the store’s electrical section.
New “Selfie Shoes” Available That Could Make Selfie Sticks Obsolete
Sick of looking around and seeing lame tourists or groups of drunk girls whipping out their selfie sticks for photos? Well brace yourself, because it’s about to get a whole lot worse.
1234567...122>>


Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
DMCA
Contact Us
Advertise
Copyright © 2014 to 2015 MobileLikez.com - WLK Holdings Pty Ltd, All rights reserved.  5adpBSd8HSQfsFRsWx89M2gszXjbjsxg-l6KnjIPzBU  off 51e901333a845fb725edde1aaa06a5fc en summary_large_image  Click here to view the article Click here to view the article   article irsty2.com http://irsty2.com/ http://irsty2.com/  393747984106930  width=device-width
