Latest UK and World News, Sport and Comment | Daily ExpressExpress. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express.
Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Check us on Google+
Subscribe to our rss feed
Daily
Horoscope Our
Apps Top
10 Our
Paper Paper
Archive
Weather 7°
London, UK
HOME
News
Election
Sport
Comment
Finance
Travel
Entertainment
Life & Style
Pics
Vids
TRENDING:
MH370 'found'/
Sturgeon/
Hottest day of year/
Alzheimers/
Health Lottery/
Comps/
Scotland/
Shop/
Games/
Bingo
Hatton Garden jewel robbers 'started major underground fire to disable alarms before raid'
Hatton Garden jewel robbers 'started major underground fire to...
A GANG which stole up to £200 million of jewels in a daring heist may have deliberately started an underground fire to disable...
NHS wastes £13 MILLION prescribing sun cream as patients struggle to get cancer treatment
NHS wastes £13 MILLION prescribing sun cream as patients struggle to get cancer treatment
Labour-SNP government will leave Britain open to Putin threat, warn Tories
BRITAIN'S national security will be put in jeopardy by a pact between Ed Miliband and N...
Vicar turned away from wine bar for wearing a pair of sandals
They were good enough for Jesus, but a pair of sandals have led to a vicar being turned...
Rail minister late for transport meeting... because his train was delayed
Rail minister late for transport meeting... because his train was delayed
RED-FACED Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin was late for a meeting about the rail ...
Fraudsters set to target pensioners as new pension scheme is introduced
Fraudsters set to target pensioners as new pension scheme is introduced
FRAUDSTERS are increasingly trying to fleece Britain’s pensioners, alarming new figures...
Labour criticised over pledge to close tax loophole
Labour criticised over pledge to close tax loophole
A LABOUR pledge to close a tax loophole used by thousands of rich British residents yes...
16,000 apprenticeship jobs introduced to tackle youth unemployment
DAVID Cameron will today announce nearly 16,000 new apprenticeships in a drive to aboli...
Pensioner faces jail time over alleged racist football chants
A PENSIONER aged 72 faces being branded one of Britain’s oldest ever football hooligans...
Risk of developing dementia can be decreased by regularly doing arts and crafts
One horse race: Olympic star Kelly Sotherton races a horse
Army Careers NCO accused of 'raping recruits'
Garden gnome set to go on auction is estimated to sell for £17K
Sport
More
Prince Philippe! Liverpool star Coutinho strikes to set up Wembley semi-final with Villa
Darren Clarke tips Rory McIlroy for Masters glory
Blackburn 0 - Liverpool 1: Coutinho cracker sinks Rovers in Cup replay
Woman finds 'stolen' family heirlooms in ski boots she donated to charity
A WOMAN has been reunited with family heirlooms she thought had been stolen in a burgla...
Real lion heart: Photographer takes daring snap of lion
A BRAVE photographer who stopped to snap this resting lion was richly rewarded.
Medals of war hero who was believed to be dead set to go on sale
Medals of war hero who was believed to be dead set to go on sale
THE knock on the door brought the telegram every wartime mother dreaded.
Tech
Stunning RING of FIRE photographed in deep space was predicted by Einstein in 1915
Calm down dear: Family members likely to argue up to 300 times a year
Calm down dear: Family members likely to argue up to 300 times a year
The average family argues nearly 300 times a year, a survey has revealed.
Couple celebrate £6 million Lotto win
Couple celebrate £6 million Lotto win
A COUPLE toasted their £6million Lotto win yesterday, saying: “Things like this don’t h...
HEATWAVE HELL: Misery for allergy sufferers as hot weather makes pollen and pollution soar
MILLIONS of allergy sufferers are facing a double whammy of misery as hot weather sends...
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev could face death penalty after being found guilty of Boston bombing
DZHOKHAR Tsarnaev faces being handed the death penalty after a jury found him guilty ov...
Germanwings co-pilot 'spiked captain's coffee with drug to make him leave cockpit'
NHS crisis: Bosses under fire after nurse paid £2,200 to cover ONE shift
EXCLUSIVE: Proud mum Claire Sweeney talks about baby Jaxon and her sexy stage show
Sss-surprise! Terrified teenager discovers huge SIX foot-long snake in her BATHROOM
Pics
More Pictures
Grand National Ladies Day PICTURES
Nicole Scherzinger in pictures PICTURES
Charles and Camilla's 10th wedding anniversary PICTURES
Kind-hearted footballer Tyrone Mings 'wipes away' mum's debts
A BIG-HEARTED footballer has received plaudits off the pitch after paying off his mum's...
Frankie Bridge admits she was jealous when Rachel Stevens replaced her on Strictly tour
THEY may be friends, but Frankie Bridge admits she was still a little bit jealous when ...
WATCH: Idris Elba celebrates the end of filming Luther series four by STRIPPING
WATCH: Idris Elba celebrates the end of filming Luther series four by STRIPPING
HE'S always been admired for his acting skills and hunky body - and Luther fans will be...
James Corden stops traffic (literally) as he performs Grease tracks in middle of LA road
James Corden stops traffic (literally) as he performs Grease tracks in middle of LA road
HE'S not afraid to push those boundaries and James Corden definitely did just that with...
Found in refrigerated lorry: Afghan migrant stowaways desperate to get into Britain
Found in refrigerated lorry: Afghan migrant stowaways desperate to get into Britain
FIVE Afghan stowaways were discovered sneaking into Britain in the back of a refrigerat...
WATCH: Community left terrified as yobs shoot at homes with BB guns and air rifles
A COMMUNITY have been left terrified by a group of yobs who have been shooting at famil...
Driver horrified after finding out injured woman he drove past was his MUM who later died
A DRIVER who drove past an elderly woman seriously injured in a hit-and-run incident wa...
David Beckham flaunts buff body as he works off naughty Easter treats at LA gym class
Still in love: Pregnant Samia Ghadie and Sylvain Longchambon smooch outside cafe
Flight chaos: Thousands stranded at airports as French air traffic controllers strike
Sheridan Smith up for a Bafta for TV starring role as Cilla
Travel
More
The Europa2: Explore the cruise ship so LARGE it has it's own television station
Want to fly from UK to Australia DIRECT? Mid-air refuelling to allow for non-stop flights
Top 10 things to do in London's eight Royal parks this spring
Now Amanda Knox is cleared… drug dealer guilty of Meredith Kercher death seeks retrial
THE only person convicted for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher has declar...
'It’s survival, not Good Morning Britain' The Island with Bear Grylls off to rocky start
THIS evening marks the start of this year's Bear Grylls The Island and there's two isla...
Giant cannibal slugs invade UK
Giant cannibal slugs invade UK
BRITAIN is being overrun by huge cannibal slugs – which have already crossed 50 miles d...
TV & Radio
Jeremy Clarkson gets permission from BBC to host Have I Got News For You this month
Hatton Garden robbery: Jewel heist gang could be undone by GREED, says security expert
Hatton Garden robbery: Jewel heist gang could be undone by GREED, says security expert
DARING thieves who may have stolen up to £200 MILLION in jewels could be undone by thei...
DON'T COME BACK: Labour MP tells Brit Muslims caught fleeing to ISIS they're ‘not welcome’
DON'T COME BACK: Labour MP tells Brit Muslims caught fleeing to ISIS they're ‘not welcome’
NINE British Muslims caught trying to enter Syria to join rebel Islamic fighters, shoul...
Lads on tour: Joey Essex and UKIP leader Nigel Farage take boat trip on the Humber
IT'S a meeting of two very different minds but it looks like Joey Essex and Nigel Farag...
Emaciated dog left on the street to DIE by cruel owners
CRUEL dog owners are being hunted after a collapsed hound - who was so starved his skel...
Why are the Dutch growing taller than the rest of the world?
First stirrings of LIFE detected in distant star system - similar to our OWN solar system
Life & Style
More
Heckling is now becoming a dying art form
Top 10 facts about the number 99
Is Katie Hopkins the most disliked woman in Britain?
Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams flaunts some serious attitude on cover of Dazed magazine
SHE may be a teenager, but Game Of Thrones actress Maisie Williams definitely isn't afr...
Kit Harington angers Belfast residents after calling the city 'depressing' on US chat show
HE MIGHT be a hit with fans of Game of Thrones but Kit Harington has angered the city o...
Schoolgirl sums up British public's feelings toward the Election… as she slumps on desk
Schoolgirl sums up British public's feelings toward the Election… as she slumps on desk
A SIX-YEAR-OLD schoolgirl today appeared to sum up the feelings of much of the British ...
Express Comment
Health tourism must be a priority after the General Election
Retired policeman ordered to take down Royal Navy flag tribute to his WWII hero father
Retired policeman ordered to take down Royal Navy flag tribute to his WWII hero father
A PATRIOTIC retired policeman has been ordered to take down a pole in his garden from w...
Kate Upton blasts 'disrespectful' Terry Richardson over near-naked 'Cat Daddy' video leak
Kate Upton blasts 'disrespectful' Terry Richardson over near-naked 'Cat Daddy' video leak
SHE looks ridiculously hot in a bikini, but Kate Upton insists she had no idea her now-...
Charles and Camilla: How 10 years of marriage has brought the Duchess into Britain's heart
PRINCE CHARLES and Camilla mark their 10th wedding anniversary tomorrow – a decade that...
PICTURED: Michael Schumacher's son follows in dad's footsteps as he begins road to F1
MICHAEL Schumacher's son is looking to follow in his legendary father's footsteps as he...
Iraqi woman faces jail after posting more than 45,000 'terror tweets' in just a YEAR
I've made a catamavan! Man converts caravan into a boat
Rotherham police officer charged with possessing child pornography
VIDEO: The reason why caravan drivers should NEVER overtake...
Entertainment
More
GTA 5: Rockstar reveal new mode will include unlockables tied to single-player progress
Mass Effect 4 release date and EA's other top line-up titles outed
PS4 and PS3 fans will finally be able to battle each other using Skullgirls Encore
Ex-Manchester United captain Roy Keane denies road rage bust-up with taxi driver
MANCHESTER United legend Roy Keane has denied a road rage incident involving a taxi dri...
Summer on its way: Friday to be HOTTEST day of year as Mediterranean blast sizzles UK
A TROPICAL air mass is set to bring a glorious 77F mini-heatwave to Britain later this...
Hero who served in FOUR wars pinned medals to chest before taking overdose
Hero who served in FOUR wars pinned medals to chest before taking overdose
A WAR hero who battled for years with severe post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) died...
Travel News
Want to fly from UK to Australia DIRECT? Mid-air refuelling to allow for non-stop flights
Malaysia Airlines flight MH370: Search for missing plane could be completed in WEEKS
Malaysia Airlines flight MH370: Search for missing plane could be completed in WEEKS
THE search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 could be completed in a matter of...
David Walliams to miss Britain's Got Talent launch following Lara Stone marriage split
David Walliams to miss Britain's Got Talent launch following Lara Stone marriage split
BRITAIN'S Got Talent returns this weekend, but David Walliams will reportedly miss the ...
Figgin' eck: The shocking (and stomach-churning) secret inside EVERY fig
KNOWN for its unique taste and texture - it's probably no surprise figs contain a secre...
Return of the hunk: Aidan Turner to star as Ross Poldark for second series of BBC drama
MILLIONS of viewers will get the chance to see even more of Aidan Turner as Ross Poldar...
Diet Coke and Diet Pepsi can 'triple the width of your waistline' say researchers
Paula Lane reveals trim figure on return to Coronation Street months after giving birth
Former Liverpool star Andrea Dossena arrested for alleged shoplifting at Harrods
EXPOSED: Meet the 32-stone woman who claims £18,000 in benefits as she's 'too fat to work'
Finance
More
British employers LESS likely to hire obese workers – leaving them at risk to legal action
Royal Mail 'to increase chief's salary by five per cent to keep her' at privatised company
Pret A Manger launches dinner menu as it branches out into evening market
'Bigger IS better' Liz Hurley posts tongue-in-cheek snap in bikini on sun-filled holiday
SHE'S taking a break from her hectic work schedule, and Elizabeth Hurley appears to be ...
Nicola Sturgeon booed as she hints she wants ANOTHER Scottish independence referendum
NICOLA STURGEON was booed and jeered last night when she refused to rule out holding a ...
Bomber Command pilot who inspired Thunderbirds remembered by family and war veterans
Bomber Command pilot who inspired Thunderbirds remembered by family and war veterans
THE Bomber Command pilot who inspired Thunderbirds was yesterday remembered by his fami...
'I don’t miss it' Bruce Forsyth claims Strictly was never what he thought it'd be
'I don’t miss it' Bruce Forsyth claims Strictly was never what he thought it'd be
DESPITE having presented Strictly Come Dancing for almost ten years, Sir Bruce Forsyth ...
Migrants who plunder Britain's free healthcare cost the NHS up to £300million a year
Migrants who plunder Britain's free healthcare cost the NHS up to £300million a year
MIGRANTS who flock to Britain to plunder free healthcare cost the NHS up to £300million...
Dieters duped: No evidence for bodybuilding or weight loss claims of expensive diet pills
DIETERS and bodybuilders hoping to create the physique of their dreams with expensive d...
First HEAD TRANSPLANT next year: wasting disease patient to get new body
A COMPUTER scientist with a fatal wasting disease is planning to have his head transpla...
'I would like to do more' Denise Van Outen hopes to extend EastEnders contract
Strain of police probe shows on Sir Cliff as he welcomes guests to his Barbados home
British troops fired astonishing 46 MILLION bullets at Taliban fighters
Grandmother crushed under van for two hours was saved by MEDITATION
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Check us on Google+
Subscribe to our rss feed
TODAY'S PAPER
Thursday, 9th April 2015
See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
News
UK
World
Showbiz
Royal
Nature
Politics
History
Weird
Obituaries
Scotland
Sunday
Pics
Galleries
Sport
Football
Transfer news
Rugby Union
Cricket
F1
Tennis
Horse Racing
Golf
Other Sport
Boxing
Comment
Columnists
Express Comment
Beachcomber
Finance
Personal Finance
City & Business
The Crusader
Travel
Activity Holidays
Beach & Sun Holidays
Cruise
Short breaks & City breaks
Travel News
Entertainment
Films
Gaming
TV & Radio
Books
Theatre
Music
TV Listings
Puzzles
Horoscope
Offers
Puzzles
Competitions
Bingo
Jackpot Millions
Life & Style
Health
Diets
Life
Garden
Food
Style
Property
Tech
Cars
Saturday
S Mag
Win
Retirement
Top 10 Facts
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Sitemap
Site Archive
Contact Us
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Design by Netro42
Syndication and Licensing
Daily Star
OK! Magazine
new! Magazine
Star Magazine
Health Lottery
Northern and Shell Copyright ©2015 Northern and Shell Media Publications. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.   width=device-width, minimum-scale=1.0 IE=edge,chrome=1  Latest UK and World News, Sport and Comment | Daily Express article http://www.express.co.uk/ Express.co.uk summary Latest UK and World News, Sport and Comment | Daily Express EGl3XPBuem43awGwLC1rXGpRHRnmNSwp7VZfnCAAcKE= E11C91F3522244AD728A407C255512DF yes yes EGl3XPBuem43awGwLC1rXGpRHRnmNSwp7VZfnCAAcKE= noodp,noydir,all
