Utah News, Sports, Weather and Classifieds | KSL.com News
Sports
Brandview
TV
Radio
LiveWeather
45°
MARKETPLACE
Classifieds
Cars
Homes
Jobs
Services
Deals
Beta
Travel
LIVE STREAM: KSL 5 News at 10
Group files complaint against judge who called rapist a 'good man'
A gay rights group says a Utah judge who called a convicted rapist a "good man" during sentencing showed bias for the defendant because he was a former Mormon bishop.
Girl shot in head released from hospital: 'I'm tougher than a bullet'
Midvale sex offender poses 'extreme risk' to public, agency says
Utah Rep. Jason Chaffetz says he won't seek re-election but his plans remain unclear
Advertise with us
Report this ad
LATEST NEWS & FEATURES
Paris police shot on Champs-Elysees; IS group claims attack
? Lori Hinnant and Sylvie Corbet, Associated Press  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 9:52pm
A gunman opened fire on police on Paris' iconic Champs-Elysees boulevard Thursday night, killing one officer and wounding three people before police shot and killed him. The Islamic State group quickly claimed responsibility for the attack, which hit just three days before a tense presidential election.
Police arrest parents that gave teen pot to 'help him in school'
Annie Knox  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 9:52pm
One other man in the home was arrested on firearm and drug charges.
Man hoping to find those responsible for 2nd road rage crash
Paul Nelson  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 9:04pm
A man is trying to put his life back together after he was badly injured in a road rage hit-and-run, only to have it happen again.
SPONSORED
10 deadliest epidemics throughout history
Robert J. DeBry and Associates  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 9:00pm
Here are top 10 epidemics throughout history that have since disappeared completely or simply ceased their epidemic proportions.
Utahn badly injured in Russia helicopter crash trying to get home
? Wendy Leonard and Jed Boal  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 8:33pm
A Utah tennis pro was one of three people injured when a helicopter crashed-landed in far eastern Russia on Wednesday.
Advertise with us
Report this ad
$300 rent increase forcing tenants out of Provo apartment complex
? Sam Penrod  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 8:02pm
Eviction notices distributed to residents at a Provo apartment complex are highlighting a growing problem in the community—having enough affordable housing for low-income residents.
First-grader in fair condition after being hit by car in Taylorsville
? Andrew Adams and Annie Knox  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 7:52pm
A first-grade boy is in the hospital with broken bones after he darted in front of an SUV near his school Thursday.
Why focusing on weight can be harmful to your health
Emily Fonnesbeck, KSL.com Contributor  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 7:31pm
Weight loss is a common recommendation, but is that what really leads to improved health? Health is determined by healthy behaviors, and putting weight loss goals aside may actually help you achieve greater improvements in health and well-being.
Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested near California cabin
? Sheila Burke, Associated Press  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 7:16pm
A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said.
Hatch visits Bears Ears, calls monument designation a 'massive land grab'
? Amy Joi O'Donoghue  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 7:00pm
Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, visited San Juan County on Thursday to meet with local residents over the controversial Bears Ears National Monument designation. Hatch and other members of Utah's congressional delegation are pushing to rescind the action.
State plans for special election after Chaffetz confirms he may step down before his term ends
? Lisa Riley Roche  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 6:58pm
Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, confirmed Thursday he may step down before the end of his term, raising the possibility of a special election to fill his 3rd District seat in Congress.
Bod Pod: Body composition goes high-tech
? Erin Goff  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 6:27pm
People looking to get in shape or lose a little weight are stepping off the scale and into a Bod Pod to determine their body composition.
Jazz investigating Withey allegations; coach says it's 'irresponsible' to comment more
? Andy Larsen  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 6:09pm
The Jazz are investigating of reports that a former Playboy Playmate and ex-fiancee of Jeff Withey is accusing the Jazz center of domestic violence in 2016.
Advertise with us
Report this ad
Man arrested in connection with sexual assault case involving former martial arts student
Carter Williams  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 6:07pm
A 20-year-old martial arts instructor was arrested Thursday in connection with a sexual assault case involving one of the instructor’s former students, police said.
Poll: Evan McMullin beats Sen. Orrin Hatch in head-to-head matchup
Dennis Romboy  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 5:49pm
Former independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin would beat Sen. Orrin Hatch in a head-to-head matchup for the U.S. Senate, a new polls shows.
Police: Hurricane teacher, coach arrested in connection with inappropriate relationship with student
? Carter Williams  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 5:33pm
A Hurricane High teacher and baseball coach was arrested Thursday after police say he inappropriately touched a student and also received explicit photos from the student.
Salt Lake City crashes Outdoor Retailer bid party
? Katie McKellar  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 5:16pm
Though organizers of the Outdoor Retailer trade show have made it clear they won't be returning to Salt Lake City in 2018, Salt Lake City officials have submitted an unsolicited bid to host the convention.
For Trump, familiar judge gets case of deported Mexican
Elliot Spagat, Associated Press  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 4:45pm
A case involving a man who was deported to Mexico despite having permission to be in the U.S. under a program that shields young immigrants has landed in the courtroom of a judge whose impartiality was questioned by Donald Trump during the presidential campaign because of his Mexican heritage.
In final hours, Hernandez thought of family, not football
? Philip Marcelo and Collin Binkley, Associated Press  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 4:18pm
Family, not football, dominated Aaron Hernandez's final hours as a lifer in prison.
GM faces hard road getting compensated for Venezuela factory
Tom Krisher and Joshua Goodman, Associated Press  |  Posted   Apr 20th - 3:37pm
General Motors became the latest corporation to have a factory or other asset seized by the government of Venezuela, and the Detroit automaker faces an uphill battle to recover any damages.
Load More Stories
Browse by day
MOST VIEWED
Girl shot in head released from hospital: 'I'm tougher than a bullet' $300 rent increase forcing tenants out of Provo apartment complex Jazz investigating Withey allegations; coach says it's 'irresponsible' to comment more Idaho teen, reported missing after prom, dies following car crash Police: Hurricane teacher, coach arrested in connection with inappropriate relationship with student Man hoping to find those responsible for 2nd road rage crash Police arrest parents that gave teen pot to 'help him in school' Utahn badly injured in Russia helicopter crash trying to get home Group files complaint against judge who called rapist a 'good man' Salt Lake City crashes Outdoor Retailer bid party
MARKETS
?
DJIA
20578.71
+174.22
?
Nasdaq
5916.78
+53.74
?
S&P 500
2355.84
+17.67
SPORTS »
Jazz investigating Withey allegations; coach says it's 'irresponsible' to comment more
Jazz practice: Rudy Gobert out for Game 3; is hack-a-Jordan a good idea?
Mascot saves fan from foul ball; rare triple play
No. 3 BYU men's volleyball comfortable on road in march through postseason
Jazz issue fraud alert, warn of playoff ticket scams
FEATURES »
Why focusing on weight can be harmful to your health
Nervous about China, Southeast Asia gets Trump's attention
The Latest: Revelers say 4/20 event not as free-spirited
Group complains judge who called rapist 'good man' is biased
Church pastor where 9 were killed blasts political ad
OUTDOORS »
Salt Lake City crashes Outdoor Retailer bid party
Review: Gear for family adventures
Utah ranks 5th in US for visitor spending at national parks
4 ways to find solitude on Antelope Island
Why now is a great time to fish Joes Valley Reservoir
WORLD »
The Latest: Pence offers condolences after Paris shooting
Paris police shot on Champs-Elysees; IS group claims attack
Drift analysis says MH370 likely crashed north of search
Defense chief on Philippine-occupied island in disputed seas
Here is the latest news from The Associated Press at 11:40 p.m. EDT
U.S. »
Arkansas poised to carry out first execution since 2005
The Latest: 3 officers wounded by gunfire after robbery
2 Seattle officers shot; 1 suspect dead, 2 in custody
Paris police shot on Champs-Elysees; IS group claims attack
Charity worker returns to US after being detained in Egypt
BUSINESS »
Asian stocks advance after US markets rally
Venezuela opposition plans silent procession, road sit-ins
White House pushes uncertain bid to revive health care bill
George HW Bush still in hospital; George W Bush visits
$3M award in suit against drug company over man's suicide
Mobile Apps | Advertise | Feedback | Contact Us | Careers with DDM | Careers with KSL
Terms of use | Privacy Statement | DMCA Notice | EEO Public File Report | KSL-TV FCC Public File | KSL FM Radio FCC Public File | KSL AM Radio FCC Public File | Closed Captioning Assistance
© 2017 KSL.com | KSL Broadcasting Salt Lake City UT | Site hosted & managed by Deseret Digital Media - a Deseret Media Company  v11  text/html; charset=utf-8 en-us width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0 IE=edge app-id=363278608 app-id=com.ksl.android app-id=B008QYDXHO #0b162f 68771464171 summary_large_image @kslcom Utah News, Sports, Weather and Classifieds | KSL.com news, traffic, weather, sports, classifieds, cars, jobs, homes, television, radio, salt lake, utah, local article https://www.facebook.com/kslcom/ Utah's #1 source for News, Sports, Weather and Classifieds Utah's #1 source for News, Sports, Weather and Classifieds
