Barclays | Personal BankingPersonal
Premier
Wealth
Business
Corporate
Menu
Log in
Register
Search
Close
Updated cookies policy - you'll see this message only once.
Barclays uses cookies on this website. They help us to know a little bit about you and how you use our website, which improves the browsing experience and marketing - both for you and for others. They are stored locally on your computer or mobile device. To accept cookies continue browsing as normal. Or go to the cookies policy for more information and preferences.
Don't just take our word for it
As a Which? Recommended Provider of home insurance, we've got you covered.
  Insure your home
Accounts
Barclays Blue Rewards
Current accounts
Savings accounts
Cashback
Borrow
Personal loan
Top up your loan
Credit cards
Overdrafts
Insure
Home insurance
Life insurance
Travel insurance
Phone and gadget insurance
Mortgages
Mortgage calculator
Agreement in Principle
All mortgages
First-time buyer centre
On your phone
Manage your money on your smartphone with our Barclays Mobile Banking app.
Get the app
Bank online
Online Banking gives you quick, secure and convenient access to your accounts.
Register now
Want to save?
If you’re saving for something special, setting a goal can help keep you on track.
Create a savings goal
Help & support
IBANs & SWIFT codes
Unknown transaction?
Lost or stolen card?
More help and FAQs
Love your gadgets?
From your phone to your laptop, protect what's important to you with our Tech Pack.
Explore Tech Pack
Barclays Blue Rewards
Get up to £7 a month, extra cashback, and rewards for products you have with us. Terms and eligibility apply.
Discover Blue Rewards
Make the most of digital
Digital Wings is our free and fun learning tool that’s designed to help you grow your digital confidence.
Explore Digital Wings
Protect yourself online
You can’t see cyber fraud – but there are ways that you can avoid it. Help protect yourself with our tips.
Be fraud smart
Contact us
Fraud prevention
Lost or stolen card
Help & FAQs
Find a branch
CPP
Overdraft charges
PPI
Security certification
Legal information
Accessibility
Cookies
Privacy policy
Careers
home.barclays
Mortgage calculator
Loans
Current accounts
Barclays Bank PLC. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (Financial Services Register number: 122702). Barclays Bank PLC adheres to The Standards of Lending Practice which is monitored and enforced by The Lending Standards Board. Further details can be found at www.lendingstandardsboard.org.uk. Barclays Insurance Services Company Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Financial Services Register number: 312078).
Barclays Bank PLC. Registered in England. Registered no. 1026167. Barclays Insurance Services Company Limited. Registered in England. Registered no. 973765. Registered office for both: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP. 'The Woolwich' and 'Woolwich' are trademarks and trading names of Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Business is a trading name of Barclays Bank PLC.   Whether you want a current account, loan or to save, at Barclays, we have a range of products to suit your needs. See them on Barclays.co.uk General Information, personal, banking, uk, services, current, account, loans, insurance, mortgages, barclays, bank 685D4DAE5295BC9C156623C34F17A6A6 FyxsTQlL50FynDQWDnxthDes72UsbBAdfgWuSVpbfNo Cz0lphgKReoz36OgGOp7EiL07KfU5yAlcUIDmT5bMGs width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=0 IE=edge
