SFG - Breaking News, Blogs, and Trending Stories on The San Francisco GlobeThe San Francisco Globe
Thursday, April 20, 2017   |     12:09 PM   |     iPhone App  ·  Android App
SIGN IN / SIGN UP
U.S.ScienceNatureTalentHumorFamilyStoriesArtHome
5 recent actions taken by Donald Trump
President Trump has been in office only a few short months, but many of his actions have targeted what many consider to be accomplishments of the previous administration.
Home
19
"He may have cast a gun but you seem to have missed the point of the video. The video was a quick tutorial/demonstration on how cast a aluminum object using just foam board as a mold. The objective wasn't for the viewer to learn how to make a solid, non functional, cast aluminum gun and it certainly wasn't meant to be replicated to be used for any of the examples you than thought of. You were meant to be inspired to use the information to create your own creative casts. Now I know why everything on TV has to have a disclaimer on it breaking down it's purpose and telling viewers what the video was not intended for."
KAS PARR
62 ?
Family
4
"The parents of these children can be justifiably proud of them. I wonder what they are each thinking as the stand to attention for the playing of "Colours"? As a drama teacher who had to come up with a performance each ANZAC Day for 26 years, here in Australia, I know the impact war and the thought of war has on young people. They think more deeply about these things and the consequences of these mistakes than we give them credit for. If only those in power could be a little more thoughtful."
ALISON MELLING
17 ?
News
3
"What she did was wrong but who are we to judge her or know exactly what happened. Anything could have gone wrong when she delivered her own child in the bathroom. Why punish her for the death of her baby when it is okay for doctors to kill babies before they are born. Where is the justice there? Murder is murder regardless of how you look at it."
PAM WLL
1 ?
News
27
"Article wants to make the former wife a villain. Like she should be in mourning and not live her life because of this tragedy? Of course his family is tormented and searching for answers. Trash journalism for web content consumption."
TIM GROVE
52 ?
Impact
12
"Well done, Captain Cohen. Whether Delta or the FAA reprimands him or not, he did not know when he turned around that he would not face severe consequences, and still made his decision."
GARY LEE
21 ?
Family
44
"I don't understand in the 60's, 70's, and 80's people breastfeed in public and it was no big deal... today with what people clothes look like with short buddy shorts and sticky notes on their boobs you are really going to get mad at a mother because she is not being modest... for being the land of the free we sure are to uptight.."
N B
56 ?
1
"That is so wrong, my son has 3. and all 3 of them are very loving dogs"
PATRICIA HARMON
2 ?
4
"I LOVE this fellow's smile....it is so handsome, large and sincere. Blessings to him and the angel who was his date at the prom."
JOYCE BROWN
10 ?
News
1
"They would've been fine left in the dryer. The problem is one cycle may not be enough. If you start a subsequent cycle the clothes will cool by the end of the cycle. If you stop a cycle at peak heat the clothes should be individually shaken out - to dissipate heat and static. Clothes should be hung if possible. Nothing should just get stuffed in a drawer. - if still hot to the touch"
JOSEPH NOVAK
2 ?
Humor
105
"Lol......OK !!!"
MARLENE DECOOK
128 ?
News
1
"Are the trail mix chewy fruit and nut bars included in the recall?"
SANDY JONES
4 ?
News
6
"So very glad that he survived!!!! While I have been in a couple accidents, none were ANY WHERE near what has been shown. Though a close friend of the family BARELY survived and made full recovery from a horrific accident. So very glad that he has been able to recover."
LOUISE RIVERA
8 ?
Humor
117
"Although kids hear it almost every day its pretty sad when a tv company / show encourages kids to swear."
WILLIE HAMILTON
232 ?
Talent
15
"What a voice i have never heard anyone sing a garth brooks as good as he does garth has sreious competition"
LENA DODDS
16 ?
News
5
"None of my pressure cookers have a quick-release option. I place them in the kitchen sink under running water to relieve the pressure. Once the pressure is relieved, I rotate the lid and remove it. I have experienced leakage as it heats up which reminds me to check the seal."
THOMAS KENDRICK
1 ?
The fate of Trump travel ban lies in the federal appeals court
A federal judge blocked the president's immigration ban last week, now, the Federal Appeals court will hear both sides to decide whether the ban should be reinstated.
Protests erupt across the country after Trump immigration ban
Protesters gathered in cities and airports, Democrats led a protest on the Supreme Court, and the attorney general was ousted for refusing to comply with President Trump's immigration ban.
President Trump's first days in office
Since Friday's inauguration, Trump has gone after the Affordable Care Act, signed executive orders and sparred with the media.
Hundreds of thousands expected to attend Women's March on Washington Saturday
Just hours after President Donald Trump takes the oath of office, 200,000 protesters will descend on Washington with a message to protect and expand women's rights.
President Obama gives farewell address to the American people
Touching on everything from his administration's accomplishments to tense race relations and the president-elect, President Obama says goodbye to the American people from the nation's highest office.
Congress scraps plan to gut its own ethics watchdog after Trump tweets
On their first day of the 115th Congress, Republicans voted to strip their own ethics watchdog of a handful of rights. But the president-elect's tweet, in part, caused Congress to pull back.
Electoral College cements Trump presidency
Despite pressure from Democrats, the Electoral College votes Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States.
Trump calls for increasing the country's nuclear capabilities
A tweet from the president-elect calling for the U.S. to 'greatly strengthen' its nuclear capabilities goes against decades of bipartisan presidential efforts.
President-elect Trump calls CIA Russian hack findings 'ridiculous'
A CIA report claims Russian hackers interfered in the U.S. election process to sway the vote in favor of Mr. Trump. Now the president-elect is denying the claims, and Congress is asking for answers.
Mysterious polio-like illness affects at least 8 in Washington state
The cluster of cases has alarmed officials in the state because in 2015, there were no reported cases of the illness.
Scientific study identifies genes that may lead to autism
A group of scientists which included researchers from University of South Carolina, Harvard Medical School and the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, conducted research that found that a gene known...
Welcome to SFG
Stay up to date on breaking news, opinion, and trending stories with The San Francisco Globe.
Patriots player says he won't visit the White House after Superbowl win
Boy Scouts of America to start admitting transgender children
Trump's border wall could be coming sooner than expected
Obama's approval rating soars during last days in office
Trump combats press and Russian hacking allegations in press conference
Obama tells Democrats to not rescue Republicans from 'Trumpcare'
'Big freeze' sweeps U.S.
President-elect's pick for national security adviser mishandled classified information
Trump upsets Clinton to become next U.S. president
Federal judge blocks transgender guidance for public school students
California ends statute of limitations on rape prosecutions
Obama Administration to launch renewed strategy to address heroin and opioid crisis
NCAA moving 7 championship events out of North Carolina
Strong earthquake batters central Italy, completely levels an entire town
New evidence suggests there may be a 5th force of nature
Thousands gather to mourn René Angélil with Céline Dion 
News report ties modern-day slave labor to global shrimp supply chain
College professor suspended after she posted these words to Facebook
Wal-Mart worker fired after waiting too long to turn in lost money
Target faces controversy for selling Christmas sweaters with OCD pun
next
Company
About Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
What We Love
Family  Science  Nature  Talent  
Impact  World  Art  Humor  
Home  Stories  Travel  U.S.  
Technology  Health  
SFG
Copyright © 2014 SFG Media Group, LLC.   All rights reserved
Made with love in San Francisco ?
We?
SF   text/html 3c555cc48db4d466466e 601901 text/html
