E*TRADE Financial | Investing, Trading & RetirementSkip to Content
E*TRADE Bank Stock Plans Managed Account Solutions
?Contact Us Suggestions
Accounts Investment Choices Platforms Trading Pricing Knowledge
?
LOG ON OPEN AN ACCOUNT
Speed. Value. Execution.
They're what it takes to compete in the market. And they're exactly what you can expect when you open a new E*TRADE brokerage account or IRA today.

Get up to $600 plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades
for deposits of $10k or more.1 How it works

OPEN AN ACCOUNT
Built for the trader in you (yes, you)
E*TRADE was created for active traders. And long-term investors. And everyone in between. Whether your time horizon is short-term or long-term, we’ve got what you need to go further, faster.
Pro-quality research, tools, and insights
Free analyst research. Streaming Level II stock quotes. Real-time strategy scanner.7 Enhanced options analyzer. They’re all here, and all yours when you sign up for an E*TRADE account.


Learn more
Easy-to-use trading platforms
  E*TRADE Pro6—The optimum in speed and performance
E*TRADE Mobile—The full power of E*TRADE in your pocket
ETRADE.com—Easy to use, without any compromises

Learn more
Specialized support when you need it
You want answers. And you want them fast. In addition to 24/7 customer service, we offer dedicated trading support from options, futures,8 and fixed income specialists who know the markets and speak your language.
 
Learn more
  Clear, competitive pricing
$6.95 or less stock and option trades2
100+ commission-free ETFs3
4,400+no-load, no-transaction fee mutual funds4
$1.50 per futures contract per side-plus fees5
 
View pricing & rates
  $
Get up to $600 plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades

 for deposits of $10k or more.1 How it works

OPEN AN ACCOUNT


Follow the markets, no matter where they go
Easy-to-read tickers and charts let you keep tabs on your investments.
04.20.17 04:12 AM
DOW
NASDAQ
S&P
10 YR
19,800
20,000
20,200
20,400
20,600
20,800
10:00 AM
11:00 AM
12:00 PM
1:00 PM
2:00 PM
3:00 PM
4:00 PM (Last Close)
10:00 AM
11:00 AM
12:00 PM
1:00 PM
2:00 PM
3:00 PM
4:00 PM
?
No recent quotes
Top five dividend yielding stocks
VZ
48.94
0.28 (-0.57%)
Closed 4:15 PM EDT
CVX
104.23
1.45 (-1.37%)
Closed 4:15 PM EDT
PFE
33.61
0.23 (-0.68%)
Closed 4:15 PM EDT
XOM
80.49
0.56 (-0.69%)
Closed 4:15 PM EDT
CSCO
32.65
0.02 (-0.06%)
Closed 4:15 PM EDT
Disclaimer
What just happened. And what comes next.
Get timely news and analysis from top publications and websites. 

MORE INSIGHTS
?VIDEO
New to Online Investing
Basic
See how E*TRADE can help you take control of your investments online. Get a three-minute tour of...
Watch video
?ARTICLE
Creating an Investment Portfolio
Basic
You've identified your goals and done some basic research. You understand the difference between...
Read more
?VIDEO
Investing for Income
Intermediate
Cara Esser of Morningstar explains some alternative investment ideas to create income for...
Watch video
?ARTICLE
Investing in Stocks
Basic
Businesses sell shares of stock to investors as a way to raise money to finance expansion, pay...
Read more
Let's get to work
So here we are—the bottom of the page. It's a great time to take the next step. Open an account, and work on building some capital.
OPEN AN ACCOUNT
Questions?
Let's talk ... on the phone, online, or in person at one of our branches.
CONTACT US
CHAT
Give us a call: 1-800-387-2331
About Us
Company Overview
Investor Relations
Careers
Privacy Statement
About Our Ads
Accessibility at E*TRADE
Service
Contact Us
Find a Branch
FAQs
Financial Consultants
Quick Links
Fund My Account
Stock Plans
Security Center
Forms and Applications
Site Map
Get up to $600 plus 60 days of commission-free stocks and options trades when you deposit $10k or more.1 How it works
  OPEN AN ACCOUNT
Check the background of E*TRADE Securities LLC on FINRA's BrokerCheck.
  Investment Products • Not FDIC Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value
 
PLEASE READ THE IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES BELOW.
  IMPORTANT NOTE: Options and futures transactions are complex and involve a high degree of risk, are intended for sophisticated investors and are not suitable for all investors. For more information, please read the Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options and Risk Disclosure Statement for Futures and Options before you begin trading options. Supporting documentation for any claims made regarding options will be supplied upon request.
Select the following link to view E*TRADE SECURITIES LLC FUTURES DISCLOSURE DOCUMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION.
The fund's prospectus contains its investment objectives, risks, charges, expenses and other important information and should be read and considered carefully before investing. For a current prospectus, visit www.etrade.com/mutualfunds or visit the Exchange-Traded Funds Center at www.etrade.com/etf.
Investing in securities products involves risk, including possible loss of principal.
E*TRADE credits and offers may be subject to U.S. withholding taxes and reporting at retail value. Taxes related to these offers are the customer's responsibility.
Commissions for equity and options trades are $6.95 with a $0.75 fee per options contract. To qualify for $4.95 commissions for equity and options trades and a $0.50 fee per options contract, you must execute at least 30 equity or options trades per quarter. To continue receiving $4.95 equity and options trades and a $0.50 fee per options contract, you must execute at least 30 equity or options trades by the end of the following quarter.
Stock plan account transactions are subject to a separate commission schedule.
You can buy and sell the exchange-traded funds (ETFs) available through the E*TRADE Securities commission-free ETF program without paying brokerage commissions. For margin customers, the ETFs purchased through the program are not margin eligible for 30 days from the purchase date. To discourage short-term trading, E*TRADE Securities may charge a short-term trading fee on sales of participating ETFs held less than 30 days.
You can invest in the mutual funds available through E*TRADE Securities’ no-load, no-transaction fee program without paying loads, transaction fees, or commissions. To discourage short-term trading, E*TRADE Securities will charge an Early Redemption Fee of $49.99 on redemptions or exchanges of no-load, no transaction fee funds that are held less than 90 days. Direxion (other than the commodity Trends Strategy Fund DXCTX), ProFunds, Rydex mutual funds and all money market funds will not be subject to the Early Redemption Fee. All fees and expenses as described in the fund's prospectus still apply. Please read the fund's prospectus carefully before investing.
Each futures trade is $1.50 (per side, per contract, plus exchange fees). In addition to the $1.50 per contract per side commission, futures customers will be assessed certain fees, including applicable futures exchange and NFA fees, as well as floor brokerage charges for execution of non-electronically traded futures and futures options contracts. These fees are not established by E*TRADE Securities and will vary by exchange.
The E*TRADE Pro trading platform is available at no additional charge to customers who execute at least 30 stock or options trades during a calendar quarter or maintain a brokerage account balance of at least $250,000.
The projections or other information generated by strategy scanner regarding the likelihood of various investment outcomes are hypothetical in nature, do not reflect actual investment results and are not guarantees of future results. Strategy scanner is a product of Trade Ideas LLC, a third party not affiliated with E*TRADE Financial Corporation or any of its affiliates.
Customers will be charged $25 for broker-assisted trades, plus applicable commission.
In Kiplinger's 2016 biennial broker review of seven firms across eight categories, E*TRADE was awarded #1 in mobile and three out of five stars overall. E*TRADE's star ratings for all category rankings out of 5: Overall (3 stars), Mobile (4 stars), Tools (3.5 stars), Advisory services (3.5 stars), Ease of use (3.5 stars), Research (3 stars), Costs (3 stars), and Investment choices (3 stars). Read the full 2016 “Best of Online Brokers ” Survey. © 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors. All rights reserved.

Securities and futures products and services offered by E*TRADE Securities LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC/NFA. Investment advisory services are offered through E*TRADE Capital Management, LLC, a Registered Investment Adviser. Banking products and services are offered by E*TRADE Bank, a Federal savings bank, Member FDIC, or its subsidiaries. E*TRADE Securities LLC, E*TRADE Capital Management, LLC and E*TRADE Bank are separate but affiliated companies.
System response and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors.
Statement of Financial Condition | About Asset Protection | Customer Account Agreements | Quarterly 606 Report | Business Continuity Plan
©2017 E*TRADE Financial Corporation. All rights reserved. E*TRADE Copyright Policy
    1w23m3-120w23m3  text/html; charset=UTF-8 etrade financial,mutual funds,Trading,etfs,Financial Services,Stocks,brokerage account,etrade At E*TRADE, you're in full control of your financial future. We have the information, the analysis, and the online investing & trading tools you need. Have at it. IE=edge width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0 yes yes black-translucent No en-US E*TRADE Financial | Investing, Trading & Retirement summary       
