BustleI Know I'm An Alcoholic, But I'm Afraid Of What Life Would Be Like If I Quit Drinking
By AMANDA CHATEL
13 Hidden Gems You Should Be Watching On Netflix
By DANIELLE JACKSON
What Really Happens When Black Women Are The Majority In A Room
By KADEEN GRIFFITHS
I'm The Most Beautiful Woman In The World
By AMANDA RICHARDS
Today's Top Stories
April 20, 2017
Bustle's Editors On Bill O'Reilly + 'People's Most Beautiful
Happy hump day, everyone! It's a good day, considering the news that Bill O'Reilly is finally out at Fox News (more on that later), among other things. It's hard not to have a smile on your face upon hearing that, isn't it? Read on for more info on O'Reilly's exit, Serena Williams' happy baby news, and more, in the recap of Wednesday, Apr. 19 below: Bill O'Reilly + A Long-Awaited Exit Bill O'Reilly is leaving Fox News, after it was revealed that several sexual harassment charges had been made ag…
By RACHEL SIMON
11 hours ago
'Sesame Street' Hilariously Spoofs 'Real Housewives'
Andy Cohen, you need to make this spoof a reality. Beloved and long-running children's program Sesame Street is making fun of the Real Housewives with its very own series of videos called The Real Grouches of Sesame Street. First of all, that title name is beyond perfection. Secondly, I haven't enjoyed something so much since Erika Jayne told PK to get off the stage at the Season 7 Real Housewives of Beverly Hills reunion. In the following clips available on YouTube, Oscar the Grouch, Grundgett…
By ALLYSON KOERNER
12 hours ago
Bustle's Most Wanted
Bustle's Most Wanted: Kuvée Wine Preservation System & Smart Dispenser
Bustle's Most Wanted: Kat Von D Tattoo Liner
Bustle's Most Wanted: Sony SRS-XB10 Wireless Speaker
VIEW ALL
Bill O'Reilly Will Not Return To Fox News, The Network Confirms
Amid massive loss of sponsorship and boycotts at Fox News headquarters, news that Bill O'Reilly will not return to Fox News at the end of his vacation was confirmed Wednesday afternoon. The news came after speculation that the Murdoch family, who owns 21st Century Fox and the News Corp, were considering giving O'Reilly the boot due to increased pressure from advertisers and the public following the revelation that O'Reilly and Fox made a total of $13 million dollar payouts to settle lawsuits ove…
By NOOR AL-SIBAI
14 hours ago
Here's Your Daily Horoscope For April 19
We’re constantly fascinated by what our zodiac sign says about our lives, whether it's which signs are most compatible or how each sign handles conflict in relationships. That's why Bustle has enlisted Mecca Woods, a New York City-based astrologer of MyLifeCreated.com, to tell us all about how astrology is affecting our lives each day. Today's topic: your daily horoscope for April 19, 2017. The Moon enters unconventional Aquarius early this morning, which should put us in the mood for sweeping c…
By MECCA WOODS
14 hours ago
Glossier’s Phase 1 Set Is Now Cheaper
I’m not going to pretend like the price of a Glossier product keeps me from buying it. I’ve found their items to be well worth every single penny I've spent on them — however, it’s always exciting when your favorite beauty products become even more affordable. Glossier lowered the price of the Phase 1 Set, so clear out some room on your top shelf! According to the brand’s Instagram, you can now shop their Phase 1 Set, which is kind of like a starter kit, for just $45. That means you’re in for so…
By AUGUSTA STATZ
15 hours ago
All The TV Shows & Movies Coming To Netflix In May
Spring is in the air, you guys. And even though the sun might be shining and the world is looking beautiful outside, all the TV shows and movies coming to Netflix in May are sure to persuade you to stay in. And yeah, that might not like seem like the best idea, especially after we waited through such a hideous winter for the first signs of life to appear, but trust me when I say that Netflix's schedule for May 2017 will totally change your mind. Of course, you need to get the balance right. Spri…
By AMY ROBERTS
15 hours ago
Bill O'Reilly Reportedly Leaving Fox News Is No Feminist Victory
According to a report from New York, Fox is set to sever ties with Bill O'Reilly and his popular show, The O'Reilly Factor, after it was revealed by The New York Times earlier this month that the network has settled multiple sexual and verbal harassment claims against the television show host over the past 14 years to the tune of millions of dollars; the network has not yet commented on the reports. But while it's certainly reassuring, O'Reilly's reported exit from Fox News is certainly no femin…
By SARAH FRIEDMANN
16 hours ago
Serena Williams Announces Big News On Snapchat
A few years ago the phrase "revealed her pregnancy on Snapchat" would've been total nonsense, but not today. On Tuesday, Serena Williams revealed her pregnancy on Snapchat, by posting a photo of herself in a yellow bathing suit with a caption reading, "20 weeks." It's a super casual way of sharing the information, especially because the snap was nestled alongside photos of the vacation she's currently on and a video of a stuffed animal wearing a flower behind his ear on a hotel bed. Way to make …
By LIA BECK
17 hours ago
Kat Von D Just Gave You Another Reason To Hit Sephora ASAP
The Kat Von D Everlasting Liquid Lipstick collection just got another boost. The line has been expanding and releasing new shades in staggered fashion all year long. Now, nine new Kat Von D Everlasting Liquid Lipstick shades will cruise into Sephora stores on Friday, Apr. 21. With the Sephora Spring 2017 VIB Rouge sale currently happening, you now have another reason to head over to your local Sephora ASAP. What colors comprise the latest additions to the collection that will now be available in…
By AMY SCIARRETTO
18 hours ago
Julia Roberts Is 'People's Most Beautiful Woman Of 2017
Five strong! Actor Julia Roberts is the 'People' World's Most Beautiful Woman of 2017. This is Roberts' fifth (!!!) time receiving the honor from the magazine and it's a record-setting achievement. Roberts nabbed her first "Most Beautiful" nod 26 years ago in 1991 at the age of 23. Congrats to the Oscar-winner and mother of three on grabbing the accolade yet again. Roberts, who was "very flattered" by the honor, displayed her signature smile and those lovely auburn locks on the cover of the new …
By AMY SCIARRETTO
19 hours ago
Bustle Originals
Carole Radziwill Talks Bringing The Election To 'RHONY'
Betty Who Is Making Room For Women In Music
Kristen Bell Really Doesn't Care What You Think Of Her
VIEW ALL
11 Tricks To Help You Sleep When You Have Anxiety
By CARINA WOLFF
John Boyega Sees Through "Random" Airport Checks
Making it on time to an audition is an understandably stressful situation for actors. On top of memorizing lines, dressing the part, and zoning out the competition, actors have to maintain their composure regardless of how their day is going. Star Wars star John Boyega told the Evening Standard that no Jedi mind-trick could stop him for avoiding random checks at the airport when he would fly into the United States for auditions. Prior to gaining fame as Finn in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, the …
By ALEXIS PAIGE WILLIAMS
11 hours ago
Shower Plants Are Blowing Up Pinterest Feeds
Is your bathroom looking boring and sad? Add some foliage! Shower plants are trending on Pinterest right now, with an increase in pins of 302 percent this year, and it’s easy to see why. Images of bathrooms with plants on the shelves, windowsills, or even in the shower are lovely AF, whether they’re incorporating a few small touches of green for a minimalist vibe or going for a full-on indoor jungle. And it turns out that keeping plants in the bathroom isn’t only good for aesthetics — it’s also …
By LARA RUTHERFORD-MORRISON
14 hours ago
This Is Why Your Cat Likes To Sit On Things When You're Using Them
If you're a cat owner, there are likely three questions plaguing your mind: First, why do cats hate water? Second, where did the whole nine lives thing come from? And third, why do cats like to sit on things you're using? This third one in particular is a crowd favorite and has, in fact, even inspired things like the Cats on Laptops Twitter page and a Tumblr blog called Cats on Computers. It's almost as if they're saying, "Oh, hello. I'm sorry — were you busy reading this here book? You can now …
By MEGAN GRANT
17 hours ago
What The Unicorn Frapp Actually Tastes Like
If you, fellow magical fairy human, are dying to know what the Unicorn Frappuccino at Starbucks tastes like, you are far from alone. I woke up this morning a mere mortal myself, but after trying the long-rumored, ridiculously anticipated beverage for the first time, I may have taken a glimpse into infinity. I can confirm officially that the Unicorn Frapp? One hundred percent worth the hype. The drink, which is as delicious as it is fleeting — seriously, guys, it's only available from Thursday, …
By EMMA LORD
17 hours ago
This Domestic Abuse Survivor's Testimony Is So Powerful
A Silicon Valley CEO has pleaded "no contest" to allegedly physically abusing his 8-month pregnant wife. Although this was his second arrest for domestic violence, and cell phone video of the alleged abuse was submitted to the court, Abhishek Gattani will likely spend less than 30 days in jail. This is only the latest in a string of high-profile cases of alleged male abusers being given lenient sentences for violence against women. Gattani's wife, Neha Rastogi, gave a powerful testimony to the c…
By SAMANTHA MENDOZA
a day ago
What You Should Check Out Before Renting An Apartment
By MEGAN GRANT
You Can Wear H&M's New Spring Break Collection On So Many Occasions
The best thing about spring clothes is the fact that so many of them can be worn in the summer and into early fall, as well. H&M is dropping a new collection perfect for spring break and spring occasion dressing. It's basically pieces for all those warm weather and obligatory life, friend, and family events like actual graduation ceremonies, graduation parties, outdoor weddings, music festivals, weekend getaways, and more. There are even a few date night looks in this range. Bustle is sharing t…
By AMY SCIARRETTO
an hour ago
GLAMGLOW's Volcasmic Moisturizer Is A Must-Have
If you're anything like me, warmer temperatures mean skin that can quickly verge from dewy to straight-up greasy. So when I hear about mattifying products like GLAMGLOW's Volcasmic Matte Glow Moisturizer, I pretty much instantly add them to my summer beauty product wish list. GLAMGLOW released Volcasmic back in December, and I've been waiting for slightly warmer weather to try out this new release. So what's the verdict? Is Volcasmic worth it? I'd answer that question with a resounding yes. Vol…
By JESSICA THOMAS
4 hours ago
Here's Why The 'Fargo' Premiere Opens In Berlin
Fargo's latest season, like those before it, tells a story of crime gone unbelievably wrong in snowy Minnesota. While fans who have been waiting for the shows third season have been excited to dive back into the snowy plains of the midwest, the show throws everyone for a loop by having the opening of Fargo Season 3 take place in an interrogation room in East Berlin in 1988. The events of the prologue occur 22 years before the main events of Fargo Season 3 — not to mention that there's an Atlanti…
By JACK O'KEEFFE
5 hours ago
Dorinda Has The Dirt On Her 'RHONY' Cast Member
Bethenny may be tough, but Dorinda is the resident mobster of Real Housewives Of New York. She’s soft when she needs to be, but when she makes it nice and you don’t appreciate it, you better watch out. Granted, she likes to stir the pot a little bit (but I do, too), but Dorinda is loyal and strong and smart and everyone would be lucky to have a pal like her. That being said, Dorinda has a file on Sonja on Real Housewives Of New York, and damn, she is scarier than I thought she was! Respect. So l…
By LINDSAY DENNINGER
6 hours ago
'The Magicians' Season 3 Needs These Things
It seems the magical world of Fillory is just beginning. The Magicians was renewed for Season 3 recently, but according to Deadline, fans will be waiting till 2018 for the premiere. Season 2 of SyFy's hit magic show premiered in January, so it seems likely that Season 3 will follow suit and premiere early in the year. At least that’s what we’re hoping for. Between Eliot being banned from Fillory and Penny fighting for his life after entering the poison room, there’s a lot that’s about to go down…
By LINDSEY KUPFER
6 hours ago
Ramona Brings 'Mean Girls' & 'RHONY' Together
Ramona Singer is one of the few OG housewives left on Real Housewives Of New York, and boy, has she gotten nuttier over the years. Or maybe she’s always been a little nutty and her freak flag is out since she’s been doing this for nine seasons (can you believe it?). Anyway, Avery, Ramona’s daughter, is grown and out of the house at college, and Ramona mentioned on the April 19 episode that she is basically Avery’s sister when she hangs out with her and her crew. Oh boy. Luckily for me, Twitter a…
By LINDSAY DENNINGER
6 hours ago
'The Expanse' Will Return For Season 3
Is it just me, or does it seems like all the best shows on television are based on books these days? SyFy’s latest critical darling, The Expanse, is certainly no exception. This season, the futuristic film noir-esque space opera has captured even more hearts and imaginations thanks to its stellar cast and gorgeously told story, and fans simply cannot get enough. The good news is, SyFy knows what we all want and isn’t afraid to deliver more. As reported back in March by Deadline,The Expanse will …
By VICTORIA MCNALLY
6 hours ago
What To Watch On Netflix When You've Seen All The Movies
There are a lot of things you could be watching on Netflix, but, it probably often feels like you end up watching the same things over and over. You find a movie you like and play it again and again, instead of spending your precious downtime scrolling through Netflix's endless library. Does that sound like you? Don't worry, I've got a way for you to do a little spring cleaning of your Netflix queue without shaking things up too much. For every movie on the streaming service, there is a TV show…
By SHANNON CARLIN
6 hours ago
You Can Help Our National Parks With Free People's New Tees
Free People has always been the hippie chic brand of everyone's dreams, so it only makes sense that they have teamed up with the National Parks Foundation to celebrate National Park Week from April 16 to April 24 with some vintage-inspired tees. Each purchase of Free People's National Park tees will contribute to their donation of $50,000 to the National Parks Foundation. Our National Parks are currently facing extreme budget cuts, so any help is appreciated and can actually make a difference, c…
By MELANIE RICHTMAN
7 hours ago
Erika Jayne's New Trophy Is Absolutely Perfect
You guys, I was absolutely bummed after watching this week's Dancing with the Stars elimination and seeing one of my favorites leave the ballroom competition. However, Erika Jayne's new unicorn mirrorball trophy totally proves that there's a silver lining to any situation. I don't think I'm alone in my feelings here, right, guys? I'm sure it was really a shock for many of us to watch Erika Jayne (aka Erika Girardi) not do as well as fans anticipated, given the fact that she performs for a living…
By NINA BRADLEY
7 hours ago   IE=edge  width=device-width,initial-scale=1 ILb7f6V7MQvg9tNJQzW1UcrfKH4BnGqrN3tYU2VcqW4 unsafe-url app-id=791604919,affiliate-data=at=10ltPT&ct=safari-app-banner @bustle 791604919 132694503601208 https://www.facebook.com/bustledotcom  Bustle  Providing a fresh spin on news, entertainment, fashion, beauty, lifestyle, books, and any and all subjects that concern women. Bustle is an online community delivering original content that's smart, shareable, and, most importantly, fun.  Providing a fresh spin on news, entertainment, fashion, beauty, lifestyle, books, and any and all subjects that concern women. Bustle is an online community delivering original content that's smart, shareable, and, most importantly, fun. 
