Strava | Run and Cycling Tracking on the Social Network for AthletesHere to join?
Sign up with Facebook
Sign up with Google
Use my email
LOG IN
By signing up for Strava, you agree to the Terms of Service. View our Privacy Policy.
Connecting the world's athletes.
Explore Strava
Features Premium
WHO WE ARE
If you're active, Strava was made for you. Our mobile app and website enhance the experience of sport and connect millions of athletes from around the world. We're the social network for those who strive. Join us.
Start by sweating.
The way you "post" in this network is by being active. Strava works with your mobile phone or favorite GPS device to track your activities and share your efforts with friends.
Get better by analysis.
When your workout is over, almost every metric you can imagine awaits - from basics like speed, pace and distance, to Strava exclusives, like your performance compared to past attempts and Suffer Score.
Dive into details on desktop.
Our desktop experience goes even deeper with training plans, route planning, activity breakdowns and other tools to take your planning and analysis game to the limit.
Join us for free.
Join for the tracking, stay for the community.
Open, tap, go.
Recording an activity with Strava is easy, and afterward you'll have a detailed activity map and tons of performance data.
A no BS network.
The Strava feed is full of inspiring activities, crazy adventures and interesting new routes – all the best athletic content, none of the junk posts you find on other social networks.
The ultimate athlete resource.
A running club in your neighborhood, content from your favorite bicycle maker, the best trail to catch the sunset, a fun new race, the city's toughest climb, a weekend training partner - whatever your next adventure, you'll find it on Strava.
Explore our features.
Track & Analyze
Learn about recording an activity on Strava and all the ways you can analyze your performance.
Share & Connect
Workout with friends, stay motivated, get inspired - our community is what separates Strava from the rest.
Explore & Compete
Discover your next goal with Strava segments, routes, maps, clubs, challenges and race courses.
EXPLORE
Ready to give it a shot?
Free to join / free to use
Millions of athletes
iPhone, Android & web apps
Works with most GPS devices
Join us for free.
Make the most of your sport with Premium.
ABOUT PREMIUM
More features, more fun. Premium athletes want the best – from their equipment, from their activities and from their tech. We strive to deliver an experience to match their enthusiasm.
Feature highlight: Beacon.
Share your real-time location during an activity with up to three safety contacts. Your loved ones get peace of mind. You get to forge ahead (or stop for a snack).
Here's how Premium takes your experience to the next level.
Be safer
Someone's always got your back with Beacon.
Have more fun
Premium features make your sport even more engaging and enjoyable.
Get better
The best performance analysis tools, including a few you won't find anywhere else.
EXPLORE
Go Premium
Our best features
Made for all athletes
No commitment required
Just $7.99 a month after your trial
Go Premium
You don't have to run or ride to love our features. Strava works with many of your other favorite sports, like skiing, kiteboarding, crossfit, kayaking, inline skating, rock climbing, surfing, yoga and more. Give it a shot, you'll dig it.
Strava Features
EXPLORE
Strava Premium
EXPLORE
© 2017 Strava, Inc. All rights reserved
MENU
FEATURES
PREMIUM
ABOUT
BLOG
SUPPORT
CAREERS
FOLLOW
FACEBOOK RUNNING
FACEBOOK CYCLING
INSTAGRAM RUNNING
INSTAGRAM CYCLING
TWITTER
YOUTUBE
GET STARTED
SIGN UP
LOGIN   Designed by athletes, for athletes, Strava’s mobile app and website connect millions of runners and cyclists through the sports they love. 284597785309 Strava | Run and Cycling Tracking on the Social Network for Athletes Designed by athletes, for athletes, Strava’s mobile app and website connect millions of runners and cyclists through the sports they love. https://d3nn82uaxijpm6.cloudfront.net/assets/website_v2/global/og-image-6a79b3a857504af0cf6e046b940a3b6a.jpg https://www.strava.com/ #fc4c02 https://d3nn82uaxijpm6.cloudfront.net/mstile-144x144.png?v=dLlWydWlG6 #fc4c02 Strava Strava yes black width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1, user-scalable = yes authenticity_token LYWiJY9W1/dvgEGtO3sSei1vqG0CdCR9lEAk1WJQmzU=
