Lifehack - Tips for LifeWhat You Do 24/7 Makes Up Your 700,800 Hours In Lifetime
Every little thing you do controls your life.
Can you recall the foods you've eaten over the past week, or the number of hours you slept for last week? Most of us are not aware of the small things we do daily, but there's a ripple effect for the little things you don't even remember you do -- Lifehack has your back to make sure everything you do really matters.
An awesome life needs an awesome strategy.
Human's willpower is limited and relying only on it would hardly help you to do what you want. What you need is a strategy to build cues in your life and turn the small things you do each day into habits that stick.
Most people failed,
but YOU will be the exception.
Our brain is not used to the delayed rewards, we all want instant gratification. But what most of us forget easily is that every small step we take is progress. Lifehack gets you motivation continuously, and you will be part of the 8% who succeed!
Chart: 92% of population failed their resolutions, and only 8% succeeded(Source: Forbes, Just 8% of People Achieve Their New Year's Resolutions. Here's How They Do It.)
Make Me The Exception!
The best things in life are FREE, so is Lifehack Habitlog! We aspire to better people's lives and our awesome habits building strategy with simple things you can do will get you what you want.
The littlest things you do every day can freshen up your life. Scroll up to find out how.
Menu
Communication  Motivation  Health  Productivity  Lifestyle  Relationships
Login
PRODUCTIVITY5 hrs 21 mins ago
The Secret to a Successful Life? Have Zero Tolerance for Wrong Decisions
Understanding yourself is the pre-requisite of making right decision.
ADVERTISING
BE INFLUENCING
Why Arrogant People Are Actually Mentally Unhealthy
Don&#x27;t you just hate it when someone acts like they are far superior to you?I&#x27;m sure you know what I mean.
What Frequent Liars Actually Think and Why
Sorry, But Quiet People Aren't Like What You Think (Quite the Opposite Actually)
Sorry, But How to Respond to a Compliment Is What We Need to Learn
Why Love at First Sight Is Possible for Some People
Get the best of Lifehack.
The best ideas to freshen you up straight to your inbox.
SIGN ME UP
BE UPLIFTING
How To Find Your Passion And Struggles You Might Encounter
It seems that all we are hearing these days is Follow your passion; Just live your dreams; It뭩 never too late; or something along those lines.
Why Our Personal Values Matter More Than Ever Today
We Don't Need a Lot of Self-Help Books, We Need Resilience
How Self-Motivation Can Be Easier When You Find Your True Calling
100 Inspirational Quotes That Will Make You Love Life Again
ADVERTISING
BE WELL & FIT
Do You Know You Can Use Oil To Improve Your Oral Health?
Oil pulling can benefit your health, but most people haven뭪 heard about it. Oil pulling is the method of swilling oil around your mouth for about 20 minutes to help improve oral health. What is Oil Pulling?
Obession with Sugar Can Get Us Killed, Here's How I Curbed My Sweet Tooth
The Drink That People Choose to Replace Coffee/Tea: Golden Milk
Freekeh: A New Superfood That Can Be Compared To Quinoa
How Much Does Therapy Cost and How to Choose It Well
BE PRODUCTIVE
When You Focus on What You Do, You're Too Busy to Compare Yourself with Others
With social media announcing every friend's promotion, latest holiday, house purchase, engagement or wedding, it can sometimes lead us to feel inadequate about our own lives especially if we feel we're 'falling behind' in life. But the comparison game is a dangerous one.
How to Become the One That Everybody Looks Forward to Hearing Your Ideas
If You Think Work Hard and Play Hard Is Not Practical, You Haven't Really Tried
The 6 Leadership Styles That All Successful Leaders Use
How to Get Your Great Ideas Heard with Just One Page of Proposal
ADVERTISING
BE CLASSY IN LIFE
You Have To Try These Fat Burning Food And Drinks To Make Your Workout Plan More Effective
Love it or hate it, but we are living in a world that is extremely health conscious. I think this health consciousness is a good thing.
20 High Fibre Food That Cured My Constipation
50+ Gluten Free Breakfast Ideas (Including Pancakes!) That You Can Try At Home!
30+ Flavourful Green Smoothie Recipes That You Can In Less Than 5 Mins!
Obession with Sugar Can Get Us Killed, Here's How I Curbed My Sweet Tooth
BE HAPPY IN RELATIONSHIPS
If You Think Unconditional Love Is Impossible, You Might Not Know About What It Is
Unconditional love is a gruesome, painful and sacrificial way to care for another human being. It isn't butterfly kisses, a steamy night of passion or the joy a son brings to his mother's heart. It is so much deeper than that. It is endless. It is profound. It's powerful.
Why Arrogant People Are Actually Mentally Unhealthy
What Sadists Are Actually Thinking And Why
What Is Love and What Is Not
Why Love at First Sight Is Possible for Some People
Wait, that뭩 just the beginning!Explore and discover what Lifehack has to offer:
Communication
Motivation
Health
Productivity
Lifestyle
Relationships
ADVERTISING
Lifehack: Fresh Perspective on Life
Get refreshing ideas to end negativity, get things done fast, and achieve bigger goals.
Get the best of Lifehack straight to your inbox!
SIGN ME UP
About Lifehack
 Authors  Become an Author
Advertise  Terms  Privacy
 Submit a bug  Submit a copyright report
 2005 - 2017 Lifehack  All Rights Reserved.  text/html; charset=UTF-8 width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1, user-scalable=0 Tips for Life 109565802405671 22054340448 625666248 109565802405671 en_US website Lifehack - Tips for Life Tips for Life http://www.lifehack.org/ Lifehack summary @lifehackorg Lifehack
