Emirates | Book Flights, Hotels and Car RentalGo to the Accessibility page
Skip to main content
Emirates logo
Global [English]
Choose your country and language Selected country and language:Global [English]
Help
Open customer support
Search
Book
main menu
Featured fares
main menu
Manage
main menu
Experience
main menu
Destinations
main menu
Emirates Skywards & Business Rewards
main menu
Step into our new A380 ONBOARD LOUNGE
Book a flight



Find hotels and cars
Manage an existing booking
Check in online
Check the status of a flight
See what's on your flight
Log in to
Emirates Skywards
Not a member, join now 
join emirates skywards now

Opens a new window
{0} Collapsed widget
New cabin luggage restrictions on flights to USA from 25 March 2017      More
More about New cabin luggage restrictions on flights to USA from 25 March 2017
Fly with us
Whether it's your first flight or simply your latest, we work to anticipate your every need.
The Emirates Experience
World’s Best Airline 2017
Proud to be the most awarded airline at the 2017 TripAdvisor Travelers’ Choice™ awards
World’s Best Airline 2017
Fly Emirates daily to Zagreb, Croatia
Step into our new A380 Onboard Lounge
The current link. Access to {0}
Selecting this will go to the {0} section
{0} section has displayed
Featured fares
from Düsseldorf
from Frankfurt
from Hamburg
from Munich
See all fares










Beijing
Economy
from
EUR 495*
Ends: 06 Jun 17
Dubai
Economy
from
EUR 561*
Ends: 06 Jun 17
Nairobi
Economy
from
EUR 589*
Ends: 06 Jun 17



























Featured destinations
Enjoy daily flights to Bali and explore a landscape of volcanoes...
Conditions apply for each fare.
Special offers
See all offers
A warmer welcome With meet & greet and lounge access
A warmer welcome
With meet & greet and lounge access
Earn or spend Miles for stays at over 400,000 hotels
Regardless of the type of hotel you’d prefer to stay in when on your next trip, Emirates Skywards members can now earn or spend their Miles for stays in dozens of countries across six continents with Rocketmiles – our latest partner.
Learn more
Learn more about Rocketmiles
An all-new interactive travel experience
There's more than meets the eye with our new amenity kits in Economy Class, available on select flights. Play our new augmented reality game Emirates Destination Dash. Solve the puzzles to travel across all 6 continents, and scan your amenity kit on board to unlock a secret level.
Learn more
Learn more about Emirates Destination Dash
Visit the world’s newest theme parks
Take your next family vacation in Dubai with our special fares and enjoy non-stop adventure.
Learn more
Learn more about Dubai Parks
Spend your Miles at Dubai Duty Free
Make your airport experience more rewarding and use your Miles to pay for fashion accessories, perfume, gadgets and more at participating stores at all Dubai airports. Start redeeming from just 4,500 Skywards Miles, which will give you AED 75 to spend instantly at the checkout.
Learn more
Learn more about spending Miles at Dubai Duty Free
The Emirates App
Explore the world your way with The Emirates App. You can use it on your iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch or Android phone. It’s your personal journey planner that makes it simple to book and manage your trips when you’re on the go.
Learn more
Learn more about The Emirates Apps
Our popular destinations
Flights to South Africa
Flights to India
Flights to Bangkok
Flights to Dubai
Flights to Australia
Flights to Auckland
Flights to London
Flights to Sydney
Flights to Singapore
Flights to New York
Get more information about {0}
Opens in a new tab
Opens an external website in a new tab.
Considering your experience today, how would you rate your satisfaction with our website?
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Not at all satisfied
Extremely satisfied
About us
Our company
News
History
Careers
Careers  Opens an external website in a new tab.
Annual reports
The environment
Emirates Official Store
Emirates Official Store  Opens an external website in a new tab.
Modern Slavery Act transparency statement
International and government affairs
Sponsorships
Travel updates
Rules and notices
Emirates Skywards programme rules
Open Skies
Emirates destinations
Advance Seat Reservation
Stay informed
Join the mailing list
Facebook
Facebook  Opens an external website in a new tab.
Twitter
Twitter  Opens an external website in a new tab.
YouTube
YouTube  Opens an external website in a new tab.
LinkedIn
LinkedIn  Opens an external website in a new tab.
Instagram
Instagram  Opens an external website in a new tab.
Google+
Google+  Opens an external website in a new tab.
Site tools
Sitemap
Choose your country and language
Go to our mobile site
Search for flights
Flight status
Check in online
© 2017 The Emirates Group. All rights reserved.
Contact us
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
Emirates logo

Web chat is now loaded.  EOL-UK-5 @ 20.04.2017 08.24.53  IE=edge englishUTF8 © 2017 Emirates. All Rights Reserved. Home Emirates | Book Flights, Hotels and Car Rental Emirates | Book Flights, Hotels and Car Rental 20170411121151   /english Business Class, Check-in, Dubai, Economy Class, First Class, Manage a Booking, Online Booking, Online Check-in, Skywards, Special Offers, Special Fares, Ticketing, Timetables INDEX, FOLLOW General international flights, book flights, flights, flights to, airlines, emirates, fly emirates, emirates airline Fly to over 140 destinations to enjoy award-winning inflight entertainment and free Wi-Fi. Book seats and check in online. - Emirates Emirates | Book Flights, Hotels and Car Rental Fly to over 140 destinations to enjoy award-winning inflight entertainment and free Wi-Fi. Book seats and check in online. - Emirates Website https://www.emirates.com/english/ https://cdn.ek.aero/system/images/logos/emirates_logo.jpg Book Flights, Hotels and Car Rental summary Emirates | Book Flights, Hotels and Car Rental Fly to over 140 destinations to enjoy award-winning inflight entertainment and free Wi-Fi. Book seats and check in online. - Emirates https://www.emirates.com/english/ https://cdn.ek.aero/system/images/logos/emirates_logo.jpg @emirates -1 Emirates | Book Flights, Hotels and Car Rental englishUTF8
