Associated PressAssociated Press
ASSOCIATED PRESS
About
Media Center
Careers
Support
Formats
Topics
Services
Insights
CONTACT US
Where stories begin
Our unparalleled newsgathering helps you inform the world
LATEST NEWS FROM AP:
China left as observer as tensions rise on Korean Peninsula
Once critical of global deals, Trump slow to pull out of any
For more of the day's top stories, photos, video and up-to-the-minute breaking news alerts, download AP News from the App Store
TOP STORIES
Build your next story with up-to-the-minute breaking news and history's most iconic images and videos
2,000
STORIES EVERY DAY
1 million
PHOTOS PER YEAR
50,000
VIDEOS PER YEAR
1.7 million
VIDEO CLIPS IN ARCHIVE
Helping the world tell its stories
Engage your audiences with world-class content and cutting-edge services
World-class journalism
Access a wealth of content produced by our network of outstanding journalists worldwide, including news as it breaks and stories from our vast multimedia archive.
EXPLORE OUR CONTENT
Global expertise
With specialists available around the clock and regional teams on the ground in 263 locations, we’re the perfect partner for your local, regional or global needs.
MORE ABOUT US
Extensive topic coverage
Find stories for all interests from our journalists on the campaign trail, the red carpet and the sidelines.
EXPLORE TOPICS
Our expert services
We offer end-to-end services from content creation to distribution, as well as a range of production tools for the newsroom
Live and location services
Content Services
Planning services and media tools
Advertise with us
Partnership opportunities
News production services
We work with organizations of all sizes across a broad spectrum of industries
News and media
Find everything you need for your newsroom across all formats and genres.
Brands and agencies
Craft and amplify your message with our custom content creation and distribution services.
Businesses
Gain a competitive advantage with our fast and accurate industry-specific news and data.
Meet us at the NAB Show
Stop by our booth in the South Lower Hall (SL7606) to learn more about multiformat content licensing and the many advantages of AP ENPS.
MEET WITH US
From our blogs
After Syria attack, reporter shares father’s heartbreaking farewell
Posted in:
THE DEFINITIVE SOURCE
A common goal: Media, universities and mission-driven foundations
Media organizations, universities and mission-driven foundations are dedicated to informing the public and spreading fact-based information. How do these groups come together to further their common cause?
Posted in:
INSIGHTS
Producing distinctive, compelling journalism
In a memo to global news staff, Senior Vice President and Executive Editor Sally Buzbee outlined two new assignments aimed at furthering AP’s enterprise reporting and visual storytelling:
Posted in:
THE DEFINITIVE SOURCE
MEDIA
Multimedia
Video
Text
Photos
Data
Audio
SERVICES
Live and location services
AP Content Services
Planning services and media tools
News production services
Advertise with us
Partnership opportunities
MORE FROM AP
AP Insights
AP Definitive Source
AP Images Spotlight
AP Academy
AP Explore
AP Books
AP News app
FOLLOW AP
About
Media Center
Careers
Support
Contact
Terms & conditions
Privacy
All contents © copyright 2017 Associated Press.
All rights reserved.   width=device-width, initial-scale=1 app-id=364677107, affiliate-data=, app-argument= telephone=no Associated Press Build your next story with up-to-the-minute breaking news and history's most iconic images and video directly from The Associated Press. Where stories begin. Associated Press, AP  website https://www.ap.org/en-us/ The Associated Press Build your next story with up-to-the-minute breaking news and history's most iconic images and video directly from The Associated Press. Where stories begin. http://www.ap.org/assets/images/heroes/ap-16310456074550-hero-rt.jpg 1440 617 summary_large_image The Associated Press Build your next story with up-to-the-minute breaking news and history's most iconic images and video directly from The Associated Press. Where stories begin. http://www.ap.org/assets/images/heroes/ap-16310456074550-hero-rt.jpg  http://ap.org/logo.png Associated Press AP AP #ff2c28
