Wells Fargo - Personal & Business Banking - Student, Auto & Home Loans - Investing & InsuranceEnroll
Customer Service
ATMs/Locations
Espa?ol
Personal
Small Business
Commercial
Financial Education About Wells Fargo
Banking

Loans and Credit

Insurance

Investing and Retirement
Wealth Management
Rewards and Benefits
View Your Accounts
       Account Summary
       Transfer
       Bill Pay
       Brokerage
       Trade
       Messages and Alerts
       Username
Password
Save Username
Forgot Password/Username?
Need online access?
Sign Up Now or Take a Tour
Privacy, Cookies, and Security
Working hard to earn your trust
Putting your needs at the heart of our business
See Our Actions
•
•
•
Going to College
Fraud Information Center
Home Lending
Banking Made Easy
Retirement
Borrowing and
Credit
Investing Basics
Bank wherever life takes you
Whether you're choosing a checking account, banking on the go, or managing your spending, Wells Fargo makes it easy for you to manage your everyday banking.
Go To Banking Made Easy
Tap and pay with Wells Fargo WalletTM
Compare checking accounts
Review Wells Fargo travel tips before, during, and after you travel
Simplify your payments
Everyday Checking
Open a new checking account online in minutes
Get Started
Make saving money simpler
Automatically save with a Way2Save® Savings account
Learn More



Banking Made Easy
Open in minutes
Open a checking account online
Learn More
Ready for life's surprises?
With a home equity line of credit, you can feel ready for anything
Apply Now
Open a savings account
Make saving a permanent habit and reach your goals
Learn More

Member FDIC
About Wells Fargo
Get to Know Our Company
Vision and Values
Corporate Social Responsibility
Working at Wells Fargo
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Helping our communities thrive
Meet the people volunteering their time and resources through Wells Fargo to help support the environment and help create stronger communities.
Learn more
Check Today's Rates
Mortgage
Home Equity
CDs
Credit Card
Auto Loans
Student Loans
Personal Loans
More
Find a Wells Fargo Location
Find an ATM or Banking
location near you
Make an Appointment
to meet with a Banker
About Wells Fargo
Careers
PRIVACY, Cookies, Security & Legal
Report Fraud
Sitemap
Diversity & Accessibility
Online Access Agreement
Ad Choices
              We provide links to external websites for convenience. Wells Fargo does not endorse and is not responsible for their content, links, privacy or securities policies.
Important notice regarding use of cookies: By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Digital Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Brokerage products and services are offered through Wells Fargo Advisors. Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (WFCS) and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC, Members SIPC, separate registered broker-dealers and non-bank affiliates of Wells Fargo & Company. WellsTrade® brokerage accounts are offered through WFCS.

Wells Fargo Insurance, Inc. (Minneapolis, MN) is a licensed agency that represents — and is compensated by — the insurer based on the amount of insurance sold.
Investment and Insurance products:
Are Not insured by the FDIC or any other federal government agency
Are Not deposits of or guaranteed by a Bank
May Lose Value
Deposit products offered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Member FDIC.
Equal Housing Lender
© 1999 - 2017 Wells Fargo. All rights reserved. NMLSR ID 399801  text/html; charset=UTF-8 Wells Fargo is a provider of banking, mortgage, investing, credit card, insurance, and consumer and commercial financial services. checking accounts, savings accounts, student loans, personal loans, investments, online banking, auto loans, home loans text/html must-revalidate no-store no-cache private no-cache WELLS FARGO BANK #1e3d75 WELLSPIN.png
