National Institutes of Health (NIH) | Turning Discovery Into HealthSkip to main content
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
NIH Employee Intranet Staff Directory En Espa?ol
Health Information
Grants & Funding
News & Events
Research & Training
Institutes at NIH
About NIH
Celebrate National DNA Day on April 25th
Join NHGRI in celebrating this day by participating in events near you or starting your own.
Learn more »
1
2
3
4
5
In the News
Opioids
The facts about opioid misuse.
Diabetes
New diagnosed cases of diabetes on the rise among youth.
Zika Virus Infection
Information to help stay protected from zika when traveling.
Seasonal Allergies
Information on seasonal allergens and asthma irritants.
NIH at a Glance
Who We Are
NIH is the nation’s medical research agency, supporting scientific studies that turn discovery into health.
The NIH Director
Francis S. Collins, M.D., Ph.D., provides leadership for the 27 institutes and centers that make up the NIH.
Funding for Research
NIH is the largest source of funding for medical research in the world, creating hundreds of thousands of high-quality jobs.
Labs at NIH
Scientists conduct research on NIH campuses across the U.S., as part of our Intramural Research Program.
Training at NIH
NIH provides training opportunities internally, as well as at universities and other institutions across the U.S.
Jobs at NIH
The central recruitment point of access to all NIH jobs and training opportunities
Featured Resources & Initiatives
All of UsSM Research Program
A research effort to revolutionize how we improve health and treat disease.
The BRAIN Initiative
Learn about an audacious initiative aimed at revolutionizing our understanding of the human brain.
Clinical Trials
Learn about participating in clinical trials and where to find them.
Health Information
Diabetes, obesity, cancer, asthma, and many other consumer health topics.
Rigor and Reproducibility
Learn how NIH is enhancing rigor and reproducibility in scientific research.
Voices of the NIH Community
NIH’s project to capture an oral history of the research experience.
Environmental influences on Child Health Outcomes Program
Learn about new research to understand environmental influences on child health.
Impact of NIH Research
NIH-supported research has had a major positive impact on nearly all of our lives.
Diversity
Learn about the “Enhancing the Diversity of the NIH-funded Workforce” program.
Accelerating Medicines Partnership
A bold venture to help identify new treatments and cures for diseases.
Science Education
Resources and interactive activities for teaching and learning about science.
Medical Research Initiatives
Important initiatives aimed at improving medical research.
Nondiscrimination Notice and Language Assistance Services
English Espa?ol ???? Ti?ng Vi?t ??? Tagalog ??????? ÇáÚÑÈí Krey?l Ayisyen Français Polski Português Italiano Deutsch ??? ÝÇÑÓ
Connect with Us
Contact Us
Bookmark & Share
(link is external)
Email Updates
Social Media & Outreach
Twitter
(link is external)
Facebook
(link is external)
YouTube
Footer
NIH Home En Espa?ol Site Map Visitor Information Frequently Asked Questions Web Policies and Notices
Freedom of Information Act No Fear Act Office of Inspector General
(link is external)
USA.gov – Government Made Easy
(link is external)
NIH…Turning Discovery Into Health®
National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
(link is external)   rjIoO4vW0AYgltSYvxM1L_CzGIkq28kHf9gHIASKx8s on width A30D8FD8CE2A8061A23665890CF14BE9 lyomW7vae6PDUB2gi1ABrwpXody5512P3bxHXNfpwUE Official website of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). NIH is one of the world's foremost medical research centers. An agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the NIH is the Federal focal point for health and medical research. The NIH website offers health information for the public, scientists, researchers, medical professionals, patients, educators, and students. The Site has extensive information on funding and training opportunities, clinical trials, health news and links to the many Institutes and Centers that make-up the NIH. NIH, Health, research funding, medical research, medical information, grants, biomedical, disease prevention, biological science, clinical trials follow, index width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0 Drupal 7 (http://drupal.org) EN National Institutes of Health (NIH) website https://www.nih.gov/ National Institutes of Health (NIH) Official website of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). NIH is one of the world's foremost medical research centers. An agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the NIH is the Federal focal point for health and medical research. The NIH website offers health information for the public, scientists, researchers, medical professionals, patients, educators, and students. The Site has extensive information on funding and training opportunities, clinical trials, health news and links to the many Institutes and Centers that make-up the NIH. summary https://www.nih.gov/ National Institutes of Health (NIH) Official website of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). NIH is one of the world's foremost medical research centers. An agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the NIH is the Federal focal point for health and medical research. The NIH website offers health information for the public, scientists, researchers, medical professionals, patients, educators, and students. The Site has extensive information on funding and training opportunities, clinical trials, health news and links to the many Institutes and Centers that make-up the NIH. Official website of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). NIH is one of the world's foremost medical research centers. An agency of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the NIH is the Federal focal point for health and medical research. The NIH website offers health information for the public, scientists, researchers, medical professionals, patients, educators, and students. The Site has extensive information on funding and training opportunities, clinical trials, health news and links to the many Institutes and Centers that make-up the NIH. NIH
