Business & Financial News, U.S & International Breaking News | ReutersEDITION:
UNITED STATES
Business
Markets
World
Politics
Tech
Commentary
Breakingviews
Money
Life
Fox ends ties with top-rated host Bill O'Reilly
Twenty-First Century Fox has decided to part ways with star cable news host Bill O'Reilly following allegations of sexual harassment, the company said. Tucker Carlson will take over O'Reilly's prime time slot.
Ex-NFL star Hernandez hangs self in prison; family seeks probe
2:57PM EDT
Venezuelan opposition marches against Maduro; student killed
3:11PM EDT
As Trump warned North Korea, his 'armada' was headed toward Australia
2:19PM EDT
U.S. economy shows only modest signs of inflation pressures: Fed
2:15PM EDT
THE WIRE
7m ago
Nigeria's army launches month-long operation to stem deadly ethnic violence
7m ago
Booming ETFs help BlackRock weather investors' cost-cutting
10m ago
Chip equipment stocks surge after strong Lam Research, ASML results
13m ago
BlackRock CEO Fink sees wave of M&A in asset management industry
15m ago
U.S. regulator knocks its own handling of Wells Fargo sales scandal
FEATURED
AUTOS
China policies force Toyota to reconsider electric cars
COMMENTARY
The next super weapon could be biological
U.S.
Last stand: Nebraska farmers could derail Keystone XL pipeline
BREAKINGVIEWS
Morgan Stanley beats Goldman
IRAQ
Violinist plays in Mosul bombed-out ruins as battle rages on
MORE TOP NEWS
U.S. justices lean toward church in key religious rights case
The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday appeared poised to expand religious rights and potentially narrow the separation of church and state after liberal and conservative justices alike signaled support for a church denied Missouri taxpayer funds for a playground project.
2:49PM EDT
House Oversight head Chaffetz to leave Congress after 2018
U.S. Representative Jason Chaffetz, who chairs a House committee with broad investigative powers, on Wednesday announced his plans to leave Congress after the 2018 midterm elections, saying he had no intention of running for any political office.
1:19PM EDT
Republican vows 'all hands on deck' in Georgia congressional runoff
A political newcomer who thrilled Democrats with a strong finish in a Georgia congressional race - despite attacks by President Donald Trump - will face an experienced Republican candidate in a June runoff election for a district long dominated by the party.
2:21PM EDT
Exxon seeks waiver from U.S. sanctions on Russia: WSJ
Exxon Mobil Corp has applied to the Treasury Department for a waiver from U.S. sanctions on Russia as the oil major looks to resume its joint venture with Rosneft , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
2:24PM EDT
Amazon rolls out chatbot tools in race to dominate voice-powered tech
Amazon.com Inc's chief technology officer is working toward a day when people can control almost any piece of software with their voice.
2:32PM EDT
En garde!: Paris bankers brace for restless night of French election
Paris bankers and brokers will be on call, ready to scoot to the office as results of the first round of the roller-coaster French presidential election start to dribble in this Sunday.
12:26PM EDT
MARKETS
STOCKS BONDS CURRENCIES COMMODITIES
S&P »
2,348.74
+0.28%
Dow »
20,430.40
-0.45%
FTSE 100 »
7,114.36
-0.46%
Nikkei 225 »
18,432.20
+0.07%
SPONSORED CONTENT
REUTERS PICTURES
'Mother of all marches' in Venezuela
Editors Choice Pictures
Migrants ride railroads to seek better future
BUSINESS
S&P 500 flat, IBM pulls Dow lower
Trump 'absolutely not' trying to talk down dollar: Mnuchin
Change of fortune in bond trading boosts Morgan Stanley profit
MARKETS
Stocks edge up; bonds, gold fall as investors add risk
IMF says Trump corporate tax cuts could lead to financial risk-taking
Fed should shed bonds soon, keep hiking rates: Rosengren
WORLD
Britain's May wins parliament's backing for June 8 snap election
Macron hangs on to lead in French election, Le Pen's camp rows with Brussels
Turkey's election board rejects appeals to annul referendum
TECHNOLOGY
Bose headphones spy on listeners: lawsuit
Beijing cyber regulators to summon Apple over live streaming: Xinhua
Imagination likely to see Apple royalties slashed, then end: UBS
POLITICS
Trump orders review of visa program to encourage hiring Americans
Trump's EPA to reconsider oil and gas emissions rule
Trump to hold news conference next week on U.S. veterans issues
DEALS
PPG dismisses Akzo Nobel defense, presses takeover case
KKR-led group ups ante in bidding war for Australia's Tatts lotto
Exclusive: China gathers state-led consortium for Aramco IPO - sources
OUR NEWSLETTERS
The best of Reuters news delivered right into your email box absolutely free.
Reuters News Now
All the news you need to start your day.
REUTERS VIDEO
02:01
4:33am EDT
U.S. 'armada' was far from North Korea during tension
When Donald Trump boasted he'd ordered an 'armada' as a warning to deter North Korea. the naval strike group was sailing in the opposite direction. Reuters' Tim Kelly explains where it went instead.
00:50
Ex-NFL star Hernandez commits suicide in prison: officials
02:08
China's EV rules pave a painful road for Toyota
01:24
U.S. says Iran complies with nuke deal
02:03
UV-blocking algae could be nature's own sunscreen
Follow Reuters:
Follow Us On Twitter
Follow Us On Facebook
Follow Us On RSS
Follow Us On Instagram
Follow Us On YouTube
Follow Us On LinkedIn
Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps
Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers
Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products:
EIKON
Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface
ELEKTRON
Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management
WORLD-CHECK
Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks
WESTLAW
Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology
ONESOURCE
The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs
CHECKPOINT
The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals
All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
© 2017 Reuters. All Rights Reserved.
Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy  IE=edge  on INDEX, FOLLOW SVDMcE-27ZUUuh-EcZzejAJ0YIFjxD9H_nwAX6YVTw4 2055F771212E9574BFD5AF29D47FBA04 Reuters Reuters Editorial Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures. Breaking News,World News,Video news,Investing,financial information, Business News,Rueters,Roiters,Markets summary_large_image Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures. http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png @Reuters @Reuters en_US Reuters Business & Financial News, U.S & International Breaking News  | Reuters http://www.reuters.com/ section Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures. http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png https://www.facebook.com/Reuters Homepage Homepage Homepage us.reuters/home Homepage Homepage
