Banking with Citi | Citi.comOpen an Account Espa?ol
Citi Bank Logo
Go
Credit Cards
Banking
Lending
Investing
Citigold®
CHECKING ACCOUNTS
Earn Up
To $500
Choose which checking account is right for you. Open a new checking account and complete qualifying activities.
Learn More
Remember my User ID
Forgot User ID or Password?
Activate a Card
Register for Online Access
CITI® CREDIT CARDS
Choose the right Citi® credit card for you
Whether you want Cash Back, Great Rewards, or a Low Intro Rate, the choice is all yours.
Get Started
CITI BENEFITS
Citi benefits right
for you.
Use our fun interactive tool to find a personalized selection of benefits, offers and tips available for you and your life.
Learn More
DIAMOND PREFERRED®
Our Lowest Intro APR plus VIP Access.
Enjoy our Lowest Intro APR for 21 Months on Balance Transfers and Purchases.
Learn More
MEMBER PERKS
Get Special Access with Citi® Private Pass®
Have a Citi® credit card or Citibank Debit Card? Then you've got access to ticket presales, VIP packages, and the best in live music, sports and more.
Find Out More
LIFE AND MONEY
6 Ways to Prepare for a Large Purchase
Considering making a major purchase, like a car or house?
These money–saving tips can help you prepare.
Learn More
CITI IN THE COMMUNITY
Investing in the Next Generation
THE CITI FOUNDATION
Empowering Youth Around the World
Learn about Pathways to Progress and how Citi is helping to prepare 500,000 youth globally for today's competitive job market.
Learn More
Citi Bank Logo
Why Citi
Our Story
Careers
Benefits and Services
Rewards
Citi Easy DealsSM
Citi® Private Pass®
Special Offers
Relationship Banking
Citi Priority
Citigold®
Citi Private Bank
Citi Global Banking
Business Banking
Small Business Accounts
Commercial Accounts
Rates
Personal Banking
Credit Cards
Mortgage
Home Equity
Lending
Help & Support
Contact Us
Help & FAQs
ATM/Branch Locations

© 2017 Citigroup Inc
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Security
Country: United States
Feedback
Citibank.com provides information about and access to accounts and financial services provided by Citibank, N.A. and its affiliates in the United States and its territories. Terms, conditions and fees for accounts, products, programs and services are subject to change. Not all accounts, products, and services as well as pricing described here are available in all jurisdictions or to all customers. Your country of citizenship, domicile, or residence, if other than the United States, may have laws, rules, and regulations that govern or affect your application for and use of our accounts, products and services, including laws and regulations regarding taxes, exchange and/or capital controls that you are responsible for following.

The products, account packages, promotional offers and services described in this website may not apply to customers of Citigold Private Client, Citigold International, International Personal Banking or Global Executive Banking.
102.3   IE=edge width=device-width, initial-scale=1 banking, citi, financial services, checking account, savings account, credit cards Take advantage of the variety of offers available from Citibank, including banking products like checking, mortgage loans and credit cards.
