FC2 - Free Website, Analyzer, Blog, Rental Server, SEO Countermeasures, etc. -Language
???
English
????
????
???????
???
Deutsch
Espa?ol
???????
Français
Indonesia
Português
Ti?ng Vi?t
FC2 Total Web Solutions
Notice
New Entries
2015-12-20
FC2 Blog Releases a Brand New Top-Page Design!
2015-11-03
Post Your Evernote Notes Directly Into Your FC2 Blog!
2015-09-30
Share Vine Videos on Your Blog!
2015-09-15
The Smartphone Comment Page Is Now Customizable!
2015-08-26
Responsive Blog Templates Are Now Available
2014-12-25
Holiday Support Notice
2014-09-19
Add Writing Space on FC2 Blog!
2014-09-17
Use FC2 Live Open chat!
2014-09-14
Get in touch with your viewers with the FC2 Live Poll function!
2014-09-08
Search Engine Optimization Made Easy




















Services
 Blog
Easy for beginners! Plenty of templates available!
 Video
Upload your favorite videos. Watch them from your mobile phone! Paying Members can watch in full High Definition!
 Live
Broadcast a Program or enjoy a Two-way Video Chat.
 SayMove!
Stream comments onto videos! It's like live commentary! Great Fun!
 Content Market
Buy/Sell Digital Contents immediately with points
 Free Website
No annoying ads, large-storage (1GB)! It's free!
 Analyzer
Analyze visitors' movements! Choose your favorite analysis icon.
 Ranking
See your own sites by ranking!

 Counter
Lots of designs to choose from! Stop yourself from being counted.
 Clap
Send your cheers! Write your thanks.

 BBS
Contact visitors! Compatible with mobile phones and emoticons.
 Knowhow
Share useful information and edit it together!
 SNS
Create and manage your own Social Networking Service! Make new friends!
 Apps
FC2 Apps optimized for Smartphones.

 WiFi
Connect to the Internet for Free wherever you are!
 Image Resizing Tool
Resize an image as you want it to be.
Register for FC2 ID and enjoy our convenient services!
Log in here if you already have FC2 ID.

Blog
Easy to use! Perfect for beginners! Tons of templates available!
Videos
Share and watch videos. Even from your Mobile Phone!
Live
Broadcast Your Own Program for others! Or talk to a friend or stranger in a Two-way Video Chat!
SayMove!
Interact and leave comments on video clips at FC2 SayMove!
Website
No annoying ads! Free website hosting up to 1GB!
Analyzer
Analyze the visitors of up to 120 Pages of your website or blog!
Ranking
Determine your blog or website's access ranking!
Counter
Count visitors to your site. Hundreds of designs to choose from.
Clap
Help visitors interact with your website or blog with a single click! Receive "claps" from visitors!
BBS
Communicate with visitors! Highly functional, strong anti-spam measures.
Knowhow
Share useful knowhow with others! Learn tidbits from an entire community!
SNS
Create your own Social Network! Make lifelong friends with similar interests!
Apps
FC2 Services on your Smartphone!
WiFi
Connect to the Internet for Free wherever you are!
Image Resizing Tool
Resize images. Make them fit your blog or website. Simple and easy to use.
About UsInquiriesAdvertise with UsPrivacy policyCopyrightManualFC2 Terms of UseCareers
Copyright (c) 1999 FC2 inc. All Rights Reserved.  text/html; charset=utf-8 FC2 is a portal site which brings you a pleasant web life providing blog/website/analyzer services and others. Our blog service is ranked No.2 domestically and supported by wide range of users including both beginners and heavy users. We offer as many as 30 different services. FC2 Blog, Website, Free, Analyzer, Counter, Bulletin Board, BBS, Icon, Rental Server, Shopping Mall, Shopping Cart, Mobile Phone, Mail Form, Adult FC2,Inc. Copyright (c) 1999- FC2, Inc. All Rights Reserved. text/css text/javascript
