Mint: Personal Finance, Money Manager, Bill Pay, Credit Score, Budgeting & InvestingHOW IT WORKS
FIND SAVINGS SUPPORT BLOG
Log In SIGN UP
  It’s all coming together
  It’s all coming together
When you’re on top of your money, life is good. We help you effortlessly manage your finances in one place.
SIGN UP FREE
Budgets? You betcha
Easily create budgets, and see our suggestions based on your spending.
Bills? Done
Track and pay bills like never before. Get alerts and schedule payments on the spot.
Credit score? Checked
Find out yours for free and get tips to help improve it, no credit card required.
Effortlessly stay on top of bills
At last, your bills and money are together in one place and easier than ever to manage. Just add your bills to see how helpful we can be.
See bills and money in one place.
Get alerts and schedule payments on the spot.
Say goodbye to late fees.
Stop logging into multiple sites.
Deliver payments fast.
Learn more
Personalized for you
Create budgets that make sense today and set you up for success tomorrow.
See bills and money together, so you know what’s due, when it’s due and what you can pay.
Receive alerts for unusual account charges, and get custom tips for reducing fees and saving money.
Get your free credit score and learn how you can improve it now to get the things you want later.
Sign up free
Get started simply & securely
It’s easy to set up your free account in seconds, and help’s available if you should ever need it.
We work to keep your information secure. All your data is encrypted with a 256-bit encryption level and the data exchanged with Mint is encrypted with 128-bit SSL.
Mint comes from the makers of TurboTax®, trusted by millions every year with their most sensitive data.
Learn more about Security
Budgets that work
Create budgets you can actually stick to, and see how you’re spending your money.
Money on the go
Phone & tablet apps to manage your money from wherever you are.
One step at a time
Get personalized tips and advice for maximizing your money every day.
  See what’s fresh with Mint
  We’ve always got something cooking to help you master your money and improve your life. See the latest, and stay tuned for big things.
News & Press Releases
Sign up for Mint today
From budgets and bills to free credit score and more, you’ll discover the effortless way to stay on top of it all.
SIGN UP FREE LOG IN
Download our free mobile app
Media Inquiries
HOW IT WORKS FIND SAVINGS CREDIT SCORE SUPPORT BLOG PRESS PARTNERS
Intuit
Security Terms of Use Privacy Legal & Trademark Notices About Intuit Bill Payment Money Manager Sitemap
Mint bill pay services provided by Intuit Payments Inc. under applicable licenses.

© 2017 Intuit, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms, conditions, features, availability, pricing, fees, service and support options subject to change without notice.  text/html; charset=utf-8 239FF3A92EF8861DD243D288C94D5D04 GISRNYWo2umLkIwe6yVF57LGHwLcR2LFtP8DOpqraKM Manage your money, pay your bills and track your credit score with Mint. Now that's being good with your money. Sign up today! Manage your money, pay your bills and track your credit score with Mint. Now that's being good with your money. Sign up today! Bill Pay, Money, Credit Score, Personal Finance, Budgeting, Finance, Investing follow, index Drupal 7 (http://drupal.org) Mint product https://www.mint.com/ Mint: Money, Bill Pay, Credit Score & Investing Manage your money, pay your bills and track your credit score with Mint. Sign up today. https://www.mint.com/sites/default/files/mint-mobile-login-screen.jpg IE=edge width=device-width, initial-scale=1 GISRNYWo2umLkIwe6yVF57LGHwLcR2LFtP8DOpqraKM
