io9 - We come from the future.GIZMODO
DEADSPIN
FUSION
JALOPNIK
JEZEBEL
KOTAKU
LIFEHACKER
THE ROOT
All the Reasons Why John Carpenter's Cult Classic They Live Is as Timely as Ever
Cheryl EddyYesterday 9:00pm
34
26
In 2015, John Carpenter called They Live “a documentary.” Though his cult classic is nearly 30 years old, its themes of surveillance, income inequality, and the sinking suspicion that the people in charge are way more sinister than we ever realized still feel very potent. A new short doc examines why.
US Viewers Can Finally See the Legendary, Pants-Wettingly Scary British Mockumentary Ghostwatch 
Cheryl EddyYesterday 8:30pm
21
3
On Halloween 1992, the BBC aired Ghostwatch, a 90-minute special presented as a live, scientific investigation of a haunted house. It was, of course, strictly a faux doc—but it still managed to confuse more than a few viewers who believed they were watching real terrors caught on tape.
Shared from Gizmodo
What Would Life On Saturn's Moon Enceladus Look Like?
Rae PaolettaYesterday 8:24pm
68
9
After NASA’s announcement last week, Enceladus is the icy moon on everyone’s mind—not that are are many others (sorry, Europa). According to the agency, molecular hydrogen has been found in Enceladus’ subterranean ocean, which bolsters the idea that the icy moon could host extraterrestrial microbes. Despite Enceladus’…
A New Comic Will Explore the Teenage Lives of the Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers
James WhitbrookYesterday 8:00pm
11
1
Boom Studios already has an excellent Power Rangers comic—but now it’s getting a companion series that is set in the earliest days of the teens with attitudes’ ranger careers. And while there’ll still be some action, it’s mainly focused on their lives outside of all that color-coordinated spandex.
Shared from Gear
This Surge Protector Won't Get Tripped Up Behind Your Furniture
Shane RobertsYesterday 7:45pm
2
The first time we posted Tripp Lite’s 6 Rotateable Outlet Surge Protectors on Kinja Deals, I immediately bought three. That was over a year ago, and they’ve come in handy countless times since then, with no issues to speak of.
HBO Is Making a Fahrenheit 451 Movie Starring Michael B. Jordan and Michael Shannon
Germain LussierYesterday 7:35pm
19
9
Ray Bradbury’s famous 1953 novel Fahrenheit 451 is getting a feature-length update. HBO is set to make a new movie adaptation of the book, directed by Ramin Bahrani and co-starring Michael B. Jordan and Michael Shannon.
Some Maniacs Have Decided to Remake Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory But With Tom and Jerry
Germain LussierYesterday 7:00pm
48
4
But it’s not what you think. Tom is not Willy Wonka and Jerry is not Charlie. This is straight-up the original Willy Wonka movie, totally remade—just with Tom and Jerry HANGING AROUND TOO.
Shared from Fusion
It Sucks That Marvel's Black Panther Might Not Feature Its Badass, Lesbian Dora Milaje
Charles Pulliam-MooreYesterday 6:20pm
109
5
On Monday evening, Marvel Studios invited a small group of reporters into its innermost sanctum (a screening room) for an early look at a number of its upcoming films.
You've Only Got Six Months to Build This Wearable K-2SO Puppet For Halloween
Andrew LiszewskiYesterday 5:50pm
23
6
If you’re planning to build your own lightsaber, droid, or time-traveling DeLorean replica, the first place you need to visit is the Replica Prop Forum. It’s the online hangout for builders to share tips and photos of their creations. It’s also where you’ll find Darren Moser detailing his build of a life-size K-2SO…
Shared from Deals
Today's Best Deals: Noise Cancelling Headphones, Smart Plugs, Shoes Under $35, and More
Shep McAllisterYesterday 5:46pm
43
5
Wireless noise-cancelling headphones, shoes under $35, and popular Bodum drinkware lead off Wednesday’s best deals.
The Trailer for Freeform's Siren Brings Us a Seriously Terrifying Mermaid
Katharine TrendacostaYesterday 5:20pm
25
3
Even though Siren isn’t set to premiere until next summer, Freeform has released a trailer for its mermaid show. A show in which the title character is out. For. Blood.
Rian Johnson Changed Kylo Ren's Scar in Last Jedi Because He Thought It Looked Goofy
Germain LussierYesterday 4:50pm
180
8
Pat yourself on the back. You were right! Kylo Ren’s scar in The Force Awakens does not match the scar in The Last Jedi. Writer-director Rian Johnson has just admitted it, and explained why he broke all of Star Wars’ renown verisimilitude for this small but ultimately fatal change.
The First Trailer for Marvel's Cloak & Dagger Goes All-In on the Teen Drama
James WhitbrookYesterday 4:30pm
173
19
Our first look at Marvel’s foray into young adult drama is here, and it’s heavy on the angst. In fact, you’d be hard-pressed to remember this is superhero show for most of the trailer, and that’s actually quite intriguing.
Thankfully, Telltale Games' Guardians of the Galaxy Doesn't Try to Be OMG EPIC
Beth ElderkinYesterday 4:10pm
3
2
Despite the bitchin’ soundtrack, Telltale Games’ latest collaboration, Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy, can’t be called a thrilling, rock-fueled space opera. It’s more like easy listening. The first episode’s biggest event happens in the first few minutes, and everything else is characters sitting around and…
Report: Disney's Trying to Get Will Smith to Play the Genie in the Live-Action Aladdin Movie
Evan NarcisseYesterday 3:45pm
119
2
“Now this is a story all about how/My life got flipped turned upside down.” Or at least it could be. The House of Mouse wants the man who played Deadshot in Suicide Squad to grant wishes.
Shared from Gizmodo
TRAPPIST-1 Has Some Serious New Competition For Best Place to Find Aliens
Rae PaolettaYesterday 3:34pm
16
11
It seems like every week, there’s a new contender for Coolest Planet Where There Are Definitely Aliens. For those of us who want to believe, this is an emotionally exhausting cycle, as we’re built up and let down time and again. At the risk of fucking with our fragile hearts even more, it’s worth mentioning that a…
There's Finally an Update on the Movie Version of Mark Millar's Time-Traveling Comic Chrononauts
Germain LussierYesterday 3:05pm
37
5
Before Mark Millar’s Chrononauts was even released in 2015, the comic had already been tapped for a movie adaptation. However, as is so often the case these days, the updates stopped there. Fast-forward to today and there is finally some movement on the project.
The Newest Little Golden Books Give Kids a Crash Course in Everything Star Wars
Andrew LiszewskiYesterday 2:30pm
14
9
The Star Wars saga is as much a fairy tale as The Three Little Pigs or The Princess and the Pea—just with way cooler spaceships and characters. So the iconic Little Golden Books have a few more Star Wars titles en route that will help kids obsess and pore over every last detail from the films.
This Week's Batman Holds the Next Big Clue About DC's Rebirth and the Watchmen
James WhitbrookYesterday 2:00pm
84
6
Ever since DC began its Rebirth initiative, one giant mystery has hung over its comics: just how the hell do the Watchmen play into the new DC universe? Today’s Batman is the first issue in the saga that promises to reveal this mystery. It’s light on revelations, but it already has us asking even more questions.
Report: The Captain Marvel Movie Has Its Directors
James WhitbrookYesterday 1:33pm
239
13
Over the past few days, there’s been speculation—thanks to an offhand comment at a recent press tour of Marvel Studio’s offices—that a director for the Captain Marvel movie had been found. Now, a new report indicates this is indeed the case: but it’s not one director, but two: Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck. 
MORE FROM IO9
More Evidence That Aliens Aren’t Trying to Communicate With Us
Freeform Reveals the New Warriors Joining Squirrel Girl
Expectant Couple Edits Star Trek: The Next Generation Into an Adorable Baby Announcement
Scientists Are Making Horrible Red-Eye Mutant Wasps Because Why the Hell Not
More stories
You may also like
Deadspin
Report: Aaron Hernandez Wrote "John 3:16" On His Forehead Before Apparent Suicide [Update]
Yesterday 4:54pm
About BlogNeed Help?Content GuideGizmodo Store
PermissionsPrivacyTerms of UseAdvertisingJobsRSS
©2017 Gizmodo Media Group  IE=11; IE=10; IE=9; IE=8; IE=EDGE  //x.kinja-static.com/assets/stylesheets/editor-47343e26bc98dc151722ea1313eb703e.css Y4KzRYvFDIszZROrGQfpcKGpEMqT5ncYtgHhRW8D7P0 width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, minimum-scale=1.0,maximum-scale=10.0 INDEX, FOLLOW https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--uWw7HXhn--/c_fill,fl_progressive,g_center,h_80,q_80,w_80/eh1hvjxamru5z6aobgwc.png https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s---5Pxwo2n--/c_fill,fl_progressive,g_center,h_200,q_80,w_200/eh1hvjxamru5z6aobgwc.png io9 - We come from the future. blog https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s---5Pxwo2n--/c_fill,fl_progressive,g_center,h_200,q_80,w_200/eh1hvjxamru5z6aobgwc.png https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s---5Pxwo2n--/c_fill,fl_progressive,g_center,h_200,q_80,w_200/eh1hvjxamru5z6aobgwc.png http://io9.gizmodo.com summary_large_image @io9 io9 - We come from the future. We come from the future. We come from the future. We come from the future. en_US io9 36368793975          
