PCMag UKNEWS/
TOP 10/
OPINIONS/
FEATURES/
HOW-TO/
DEALS/
BUSINESS
ALL REVIEWS
LAPTOPS/
TABLETS/
PHONES/
APPS/
SOFTWARE/
SECURITY/
PRINTERS/
CAMERAS/
HDTV
‹
›
Nintendo Switch Build Cost Estimated to Be $257
A teardown of the hardware reveals Nintendo isn't making a profit on sales of the Switch (yet).
PRIVACY 101: WHY YOU NEED A VPN
Congress just moved to let ISPs sell your personal data. Whether they actually do that or not, here's how to protect yourself.
30 GOOGLE DRIVE TIPS YOU CAN'T AFFORD TO MISS
Tips and tricks to get the most out of Google's online office suite.
Trending Reviews
Consumer Electronics Reviews, Ratings & Comparisons
Music - Products
Console Games - Products
Latest Reviews News Opinions Guides & Tips
How to Get Google to Quit Tracking You
On Maps, Google is with you every step of the way. But you can do something about it.
NEWS, 20 Apr 2017, 6:01 a.m. GPS & Mapping - Products
How to Measure Home Power Usage
Electricity costs money. Devices can help you save, especially by killing vampire energy leaks... if you know what they do and how to understand your bills.
FEATURE, 20 Apr 2017, 6:01 a.m. Consumer Electronics Reviews, Ratings & Comparisons
Forget Typing: Facebook Teases Internet Mind Control
You could also be able to listen to speech and other sounds using an artificial skin. It's all part of Facebook's advanced Building 8 research efforts.
NEWS, 19 Apr 2017, 11:33 p.m. Social Networking
Ransomware is crowdfunded by victims – DON’T pay up
Ransomware is a bigger problem than people realise. While it's tempting to simply pay up, you shouldn't - make sure you're protected and stay backed up, just in case you have to call someone's bluff.
BROUGHT TO YOU BY, 6 Mar 2017, 5:02 p.m.
Rise of the Biobots
In nature, elegant engineering solutions abound. The robotics world is working to unravel them.
FEATURE, 19 Apr 2017, 10:45 p.m.
The Best VR (Virtual Reality) Headsets of 2017
Virtual reality in finally taking off. But should you jump in just yet? We've tested the top VR headsets and platforms to help figure out which, if any, is right for you.
GUIDE, 19 Apr 2017, 10:41 p.m. Consumer Electronics Reviews, Ratings & Comparisons
Facebook Really Wants to Beam Internet From Planes
Even as it faces setbacks with its high-flying drone, Facebook is looking toward other efforts to beam internet from the sky to under-connected areas of the world.
NEWS, 19 Apr 2017, 10:15 p.m. Social Networking
Review
Polaroid Snap Touch
The Polaroid Snap Touch is a fun, affordable camera with a built-in printer, but it's slow and only offers smartphone-level image quality.
REVIEW, 19 Apr 2017, 9:34 p.m. Consumer Electronics Reviews, Ratings & Comparisons
Review
Algoriddim djay Pro (for Windows 10)
Powerful DJ software comes to the Windows 10 app store. Algoriddim djay Pro offers beat and key matching, excellent effects, and support for the Microsoft Surface Dial.
REVIEW, 19 Apr 2017, 9:10 p.m. Music - Products
Microsoft Gets Rid of Passwords With Phone Sign-In
Sign into your Microsoft accounts with just your phone; no password necessary.
NEWS, 19 Apr 2017, 6:32 p.m. Software Reviews
Don't Fall for Nintendo Switch Emulator Scams
If you try to download one of these phony Nintendo Switch emulators online, you may actually wind up with scareware on your machine, the FTC warns.
NEWS, 19 Apr 2017, 5:17 p.m. Computer & Console Gaming - Products
Google Brings Your Timeline Feature to iOS
Your Timeline offers a 'daily snapshot' of the things you've done and the places you've been on a given day, month, or year.
NEWS, 19 Apr 2017, 4:24 p.m. Software Reviews
Blizzard Offers Original StarCraft For Free
The original game completely free and only a 1.5GB download. Most game patches are larger than that!
NEWS, 19 Apr 2017, 4:10 p.m. Console Games - Products
LOAD MORE
Opinions
Avoid the Nutballs (and Conflict) on Mastodon
On Mastodon, it's easy to avoid those with whom you disagree. But that's not such a bad thing, as it also auto-segregates nutballs who are incompatible with the general population
OPINION by John C. Dvorak, 19 Apr 2017, 2 p.m. Social Networking
Farewell, IDF: Is This the Demise of the Big Trade Show?
Big conferences and shows like IDF and WinHEC attracted tens, if not hundreds of thousands of attendees, and were a great way to get a deep dive on the latest tech. Now they're gone.
OPINION by Joel Santo Domingo, 18 Apr 2017, 6:33 p.m. CPUs & Components - Products
No CarPlay or Android Auto? Navdy to the Rescue
My car doesn't support CarPlay or Android Auto, but Navdy adds smart features for just $499.
OPINION by Tim Bajarin, 18 Apr 2017, 5:16 p.m. Consumer Electronics Reviews, Ratings & Comparisons
Ransomware is crowdfunded by victims – DON’T pay up
Ransomware is a bigger problem than people realise. While it's tempting to simply pay up, you shouldn't - make sure you're protected and stay backed up, just in case you have to call someone's bluff.
BROUGHT TO YOU BY, 6 Mar 2017, 5:02 p.m.
NY's Tuition-Free College: Early Days But Much to Celebrate
The plan has its limitations, but it represents a milestone in the push for universal higher education, which we should welcome whether we're students, alumni, or autodidacts
OPINION by William Fenton, 13 Apr 2017, 2 p.m.
Streaming vs. Broadcasting: Is There a Difference?
German regulators want to treat streaming providers like traditional broadcasters; they see them as little more than tiny TV stations operating without a license. I know what they're up to.
OPINION by John C. Dvorak, 12 Apr 2017, 2 p.m.
LOAD MORE OPINIONS
PC MAG UK DAILY DEALS
Get the best daily deals here
FEATURED ON PCMAG
Best VPN Services of 2017
It seems like everyone from hackers to governments is after your personal ...
The Best Password Managers of 2017
Creating one strong password that you can remember is hard enough; doing ...
The Best Antivirus Protection of 2017
Even if you use your PC for nothing but posting political screeds ...
The Best Website Builders of 2017
It doesn't have to be an ordeal to set up a website ...
BECOME A FAN OF PCMAG
AWARD WINNERS
Editors Choice
Our latest winners in leading tech categories, these are the products we've chosen as the best from the thousands we test in PC Labs.
Readers Choice
In our annual survey, we report the companies, services, and products you rated as best in a range of categories.
Business Choice
Almost everyone reading this relies on technology to work. Check out the top tech choices of the business pros and employees who read PCMag.
About
About PCMagazine
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Advertise
AdChoices
Connect
Ziff Davis
ExtremeTech
IGN
AskMen
International Editions
PCMag USA
United Kingdom
Australia
Benelux
France
Greece
India
Latin America
Middle East
Portugal
Russia
Social
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Linkedin
© 2016 ZiffDavis, LLC   IE=edge,chrome=1 width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1, minimum-scale=1 PC Magazine is your complete guide to computers, phones, tablets, peripherals and more. We test and review the latest gadgets, products and services, report technology news and trends, and provide shopping advice and price comparisons.  PCMag UK 141810985954037 http://www.facebook.com/PCMag website PCMag UK en_GB http://uk.pcmag.com/ http://uk.pcmag.com/s/pcmag/social_logo.png PC Magazine is your complete guide to computers, phones, tablets, peripherals and more. We test and review the latest gadgets, products and services, report technology news and trends, and provide shopping advice and price comparisons. en #da532c /s/pcmag/mstile-150x150.png /s/pcmag/mstile-310x310.png /s/pcmag/mstile-144x144.png h PCMag UK
