FileHippo.com - Download Free SoftwareWindows
En
DOWNLOADS BUSINESS SOFTWARE NEWS REVIEWS TOP APPS
THE LATEST VERSIONS
OF THE BEST SOFTWARE
Hand picked software titles - only the best!
Tested for malware, adware and viruses
No added bundles, installers or toolbars
BROWSE SOFTWARE
LATEST UPDATES
3,313,200,835
Downloads Served
  4 Minutes Ago
Last Update Check
  29,125
Program Versions Listed
CATEGORIES
Browsers
Anti-Malware
System Tuning
Photo / Image
File Sharing
Security
Compression
Multimedia
Messaging
Office / News
Networking
Desktop
File Transfer
Developer
Drivers
CD / DVD
Download FileHippo App Manager
POPULAR
VIEW MORE
CCleaner 5.29.6033
Advanced IP Scanner 2.4.3021
Recuva 1.53.1087
VLC Media Player 2.2.4 (64-bit)
VLC Media Player 2.2.4 (32-bit)
Microsoft Office 2013
Picasa 3.9 Build 141.259
Google Chrome for Work 32-bit 43.02357.124
Shockwave Player 12.2.8.198
.NET Framework Version 4.6.2
Advertisement
LATEST SOFTWARE NEWS
PDFelement 6 offers powerful editing features, great design and ease of use
ANDREW BAXTER
42 mins
0 Comments
Transform your old static Office forms into interactive PDF Forms with PDFelement 6 Professional for Windows and Mac. Despite startling innovations in form technology, many businesses still rely on static electronic or paper forms for their applications, questionnaires or surveys. Often created with Excel or Wordread more
Suspected Russian Hacker Detained In Spain Over US Election ‘Mass Hacking.’
EUAN VIVEASH
2 hours
4 Comments
Alleged hacker detained at the request of American authorities. Russian man, Pyotr Levashov, was arrested in Barcelona last week on a US computer crimes warrant. He has been detained under a US international arrest warrant and a Spanish court is to start proceedings to decide whether he can be extradited to the Uread more
Google Adds ‘Fact Check’ Flag To Search Results
EUAN VIVEASH
18 hours
2 Comments
New independently-verified ‘Fact Check’ tool added to news and search results. In response to the rise of 'fake news', Google has begun displaying fact-checking labels in search results highlighting news and information that has been independently quantified and vetted by third party fact checking oread more
How Little US Users Know About Cybersecurity
ARIANNA GAEL
1 day
1 Comment
Survey reveals some shocking gaps in cybersec knowledge. The old jokes about a grandmother trying to work her first computer are funny because the struggle is real (just ask anyone who's had to help her learn to work her email account). But the reality behind those memes is far from funny, and also far from "old read more
Don’t Axon Me, Bro! Taser Changes Name As Focus Shifts To Software
ARIANNA GAEL
2 days
1 Comment
Axon name change will help distance brand from calls of police brutality. Who could forget the dude-cry heard ’round the world, the helpless cry of a University of Florida journalism student who tried to evade would-be police brutality by crying out, "Don’t tase me, bro!" before that exact outcome occurred. Tread more
Amazon Launches Conversion Software For eBooks
ARIANNA GAEL
2 days
0 Comments
New tool helps authors convert Word docs for Kindle publishing platform. Over the years, Amazon has grown from an online book retailer to an all-things-internet empire, offering tools for everything from uploading an ebook to creating a video game. A new tool launched in beta goes back to its book roots, helping read more
Microsoft Reveals Truth About Windows 10 Data Collection
EUAN VIVEASH
5 days
13 Comments
Will transparency on Windows 10 finally put privacy concerns to bed, or will it open Microsoft up to further criticism? Every since the halcyon days of 2015 when Microsoft first released Windows 10, the company has come under fire about its somewhat invasive data collection policy. By far the biggest complairead more
Verizon Rebrand And Relaunch Yahoo and AOL Into Oath
EUAN VIVEASH
5 days
3 Comments
No, it’s not a late April Fool’s day joke, Verizon intend to combine Yahoo and AOL into a new company and call it 'Oath.' The news comes as Verizon completes its $4 billion plus takeover of Yahoo. ‘Oath’ was announced by AOL boss Tim Armstrong, Tuesday, ahead of a planned massive publicity campaign. Whileread more
Facebook Releases New Tools To Tackle Revenge Porn
EUAN VIVEASH
6 days
0 Comments
Photo-matching tech will allow users to easily report intimate images, posted without consent. Facebook is acting in a new bid to limit the amount of ‘revenge porn’ being shared and reposted across its contingent of social media platforms, in a move praised by campaigners and advocacy groups. The new mearead more
Advertisement
FEATURED SOFTWARE
FEATURED SOFTWARE: PDFelement 6
Advertisement
PROMOTED STORIES
How Smart Are You When It Comes To The US Civil War? [Quiz]
Definition
Americans Freaked Out by Site Exposing Data
TruthFinder
Best Fitness Apps To Get You Moving
Daytona Beach News-Journal
Recommended by
About
Contact Us
Advertise
© Copyright 2016 Well Known Media. All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy   width=device-width Looking to download safe free versions of the latest software, freeware, shareware and demo programs from a reputable download site? Visit FileHippo today. download software freeware shareware program filehippo file hippo
