TechRadar | The source for tech buying advice | TechRadarTHE SOURCE FOR TECH BUYING ADVICE
Search
RSS
US Edition
Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More
Pro
TRENDING
Buying Guides
Samsung Galaxy S8
iPhone 8
LG G6
Project Scorpio
Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus
VPN
LATEST NEWS
From bots to your brain: Facebook's vision for the future comes into focus
Bose accused of tracking customers' listening habits
Google may integrate ad-blocking directly into Chrome, according to new rumor
Facebook Spaces is the most fun I've ever had in virtual reality
The back of the iPhone 8 may be very anti-Apple
The best big Android phone yet: our Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus review
The best big Android phone you can own
SNES Mini: what we want from the NES Mini sequel
The 10 best DSLRs you can buy right now
Buying guide
The final leg of London Marathon with Galaxy S8
Running Man of Tech
Best in Class: our Samsung Galaxy S8 review
Taking the value crown back from Nvidia: our AMD Radeon RX 580 review
LATEST NEWS
VIEW MORE NEWS
From bots to your brain: Facebook's vision for the future comes into focus
By Michelle Fitzsimmons 2 hours ago
F8 2017 Augmented reality, artificial intelligence, typing with thoughts – Facebook is now so much more than a social network.
WORLD OF TECH
Bose accused of tracking customers' listening habits
By Sharmishta Sarkar 3 hours ago
A US lawsuit claims Bose allegedly collects data on users of its wireless headphones via the optional Connect app for monetary gain.
AUDIO
Google may integrate ad-blocking directly into Chrome, according to new rumor
By Stephen Lambrechts 3 hours ago
A WSJ report claims that Google is planning to build an ad-blocker right into its Chrome browser.
INTERNET
Facebook Spaces is the most fun I've ever had in virtual reality
By Michelle Fitzsimmons 8 hours ago
F8 2017 Facebook's new virtual hang out app is playroom and chat room rolled into one.
WEARABLES
The back of the iPhone 8 may be very anti-Apple
By Parker Wilhelm 9 hours ago
A supposed image of Apple's next phone shows a relocated fingerprint scanner and vertically aligned cameras.
MOBILE PHONES
Headsets are just the beginning: here's what's next for VR
By Parker Wilhelm 9 hours ago
In Depth Think Oculus Rift and HTC are the end-all, be-all of VR? No way. They were just the beginning.
GAMING
Nintendo may release a SNES Classic Edition later this year
By Parker Wilhelm 11 hours ago
It looks like Nintendo might release yet another miniature console to fuel your nostalgia.
GAMING
Facebook looks to upgrade 360-degree video with Surround 360 x24, x6 cameras
By Joe Osborne 13 hours ago
F8 2017 Facebook’s Surround 360 x24 and x6 cameras have been launched to upgrade 360-degree video on its platform and others.
APPLICATIONS
VIEW ALL NEWS
LATEST REVIEWS
VIEW MORE REVIEWS
Samsung Galaxy S8 review Best in Class
Updated Apart from a very high price and biometric issues, the Galaxy S8 in a triumphant mix of tech and design
MOBILE PHONES
Hands on: Sony A9 review
By Kevin Lee 9 hours ago
Not yet rated
The Sony A9 aims to be the ultimate sports camera that makes mechanical shutters a thing of the past.
CAMERAS
Hands on: HP Z2 Mini G3 Workstation review
By Desire Athow 11 hours ago
Not yet rated TechRadar Pro
HP has thought outside the box to deliver a product with some serious appeal.
PC & MAC DESKTOPS
eHost review
By Mike Williams 12 hours ago
TechRadar Pro
This web host is good value for the right user, but be careful – there's a hidden catch.
OTHER
Sling TV review
By Nick Pino 13 hours ago
Updated Sling TV isn't perfect, but it's the best way to watch live TV without paying for cable.
AV ACCESSORIES
Honor 8 Pro review
By Luke Johnson 16 hours ago
Honor's best handset yet is also good value for money, but it's not quite a five star phone.
MOBILE PHONES
NewsgroupDirect review
By Nicholas Fearn 17 hours ago
TechRadar Pro
Want a powerful Usenet service that’s not too expensive? Then check this out.
UTILITIES
KeepSolid VPN Unlimited review
By Mike Williams 21 hours ago
TechRadar Pro
Updated Great performance levels and value for money are on offer with this VPN service.
UTILITIES
Huawei Watch 2 review
By John McCann 2 days ago
Updated The Huawei Watch 2 has plenty of features, but doesn’t master them, which leaves it feeling a little bit empty.
WEARABLES
Samsung Gear VR review
By Cameron Faulkner 2 days ago
Some thoughtful improvements and a new motion controller make the new Gear VR headset one of the best virtual reality headsets around.
WEARABLES
VIEW ALL REVIEWS
LATEST HOW TOS
VIEW MORE HOW TOS
How to plan the perfect Easter holiday
Whether you like to holiday near home or hop on a plane, your PC can help plan the perfect trip.
WORLD OF TECH
How to change the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S7 screen resolution
By James Peckham 20 hours ago
You can now change the resolution of your Samsung phone – here’s how to do it.
MOBILE PHONES
Samsung Galaxy S8 tips and tricks
By Luke Johnson 2 days ago
Go beyond the basics and get to know the ins and outs of your new smartphone.
MOBILE PHONES
How to protect your data when traveling
By Nate Drake 5 days ago
Keep your personal information safe when moving across borders.
COMPUTING
Nintendo Switch problems: how to fix the most common issues
By Parker Wilhelm 8 days ago
How to ensure your brand-new Nintendo console lasts longer than a weapon in The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
GAMING
Samsung Galaxy S7 problems: how to fix them
By Lewis Leong 8 days ago
The Galaxy S7 is a great phone but not without problems. Here’s how to fix the most common issues
MOBILE PHONES
How to download music from YouTube
By Gary Marshall 8 days ago
Downloads Rip the audio from videos and save it in the best format for all your devices.
INTERNET
The best free software for your new PC
By Cat Ellis 8 days ago
Downloads Just bought or built a new PC? This essential toolkit includes all the software you need to get it up and running – and it's completely free.
APPLICATIONS
How to download and install the Windows 10 Creators Update right now
By Matt Hanson 9 days ago
Updated If you’re looking forward to using all the cool new features of the Windows 10 Creators Update and can’t wait for the final release, here's how to download it right now.
COMPUTING
How to make money with a news website
By Nicholas Fearn 12 days ago
TechRadar Pro
Monetising a news site is a tricky business, but fret not, help is at hand.
INTERNET
VIEW ALL HOW TOS
TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.
About Us
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
Advertise with us
© Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.    US width=device-width,minimum-scale=1,initial-scale=1  The latest technology news and reviews, covering computing, home entertainment systems, gadgets and more #000000 http://cdn0.static.techradar.futurecdn.net/20170406/apple-touch-icon.png  TechRadar http://www.techradar.com/   1200 article https://www.facebook.com/TechRadar https://www.facebook.com/TechRadar 235441786508054  summary_large_image @TechRadar   @TechRadar  15560223 qAisqzmHuaDhuuF2P-N0Ci2cFXD9QsgYzFYvVVwO81c 10329f1fd4d0a2cd5c0d3b3b809cb4cd http://www.techradar.com/ xkNFqB6l1qBl8BEqMjQvrHuYinhxlJVe http://cdn0.static.techradar.futurecdn.net/media/img/techradar_logo.png
