Deadspin - Sports News without Access, Favor, or DiscretionDEADSPIN
FUSION
GIZMODO
JALOPNIK
JEZEBEL
KOTAKU
LIFEHACKER
THE ROOT
VIDEO
THE CONCOURSE
ADEQUATE MAN
COMPETE
THE STACKS
SCREAMER
DREW MAGARY
Russell Westbrook Is Out Of Gas And The Thunder Are Dead
I Just Love This Juicero Story So Much
What It’s Like To Announce A Tennis Match That's Been Interrupted By Loud Sex Noises
Russell Westbrook On His 51-Point Triple-Double In Loss: "I Don't Give A Fuck"
Patrick RedfordToday 12:21am
52
1
Russ’ll give it to you straight.
It Was A (Mostly) Glorious Night For D.C. Sports
Laura WagnerToday 12:07am
9
3
One of these things is not like the others.
Russell Westbrook Is Out Of Gas And The Thunder Are Dead
Patrick RedfordYesterday 11:35pm
61
3
For the first time I can remember, Russell Westbrook looked tired tonight.
The Atlanta Hawks Are The Sorriest Fucking Losers In The History Of The Universe
Albert BurnekoYesterday 10:09pm
101
31
Give credit to soft, washed, buster-ass piss-baby Paul Millsap, I suppose, for successfully whining this series into unwatchable whistle-ball, for that is all he accomplished. Despite the referees doing everything short of hogtying D.C.’s frontcourt on his behalf, his Hawks, entering the final days of their 71st…
This Chris Wondolowski Whiff Is A Crime Against Soccer
Patrick RedfordYesterday 10:01pm
35
3
Remember when Chris Wondolowski was presented with a golden chance to put the USMNT through against Belgium at the 2014 World Cup and proceeded to completely screw it up? This is worse. 
Capitals Winger Tom Wilson Made The Save Of The Night
Laura WagnerYesterday 9:41pm
18
4
The Washington Capitals’ Tom Wilson isn’t a goalie, but he came up with the best save of the night in tonight’s crucial Game 4 against the Toronto Maple Leafs. About halfway through the first period, Wilson made a diving save to whisk the puck, which had slipped through Braden Holtby’s pads, off the line, protecting…
White Sox Witness Large Man's Large Dong
Patrick RedfordYesterday 9:17pm
73
5
Big New York Yankees outfielder Aaron Judge made great use of an ill-advised Dylan Covey pitch, launching an intercontinental home run 448 feet into the night off the Rule 5 pick, who was making his second major-league start.
Mike Gundy Remains Hilariously Attached To An Alternate History Of OSU's Season
Patrick RedfordYesterday 8:42pm
32
5
Oklahoma State suffered one of the cruelest and most controversial losses of the college football season last September, when Central Michigan won on the final play with a wild hook-and-ladder lateral hail mary play.
Serena Williams Is Definitely Pregnant, Definitely Won The Australian Open While Pregnant
Laura WagnerYesterday 8:25pm
64
10
Hours after Serena Williams, the most dominant tennis player of all time, appeared to announce her pregnancy by sharing and then deleting a photo of herself in a bathing suit captioned “20 weeks,” her publicist confirmed that she is indeed expecting her first child.
Shared from Gear
OxyLED's Most Popular Night Lights Now Come In Five Different Varieties
Shep McAllisterYesterday 7:45pm
5
2
Our readers have bought thousands of OxyLED’s T02 stick-anywhere LED night lights over the years, and now they come in sizes to fit any cabinet, closet, and hallway.
Ichiro Socks First-Pitch Home Run In What Might Be His Final At-Bat In Seattle
Patrick RedfordYesterday 7:37pm
43
21
Ichiro and the Miami Marlins wrapped up a three-game series up in Seattle this afternoon, losing two of the three games to the Mariners. The last time the Marlins came to Seattle, they played as the “home team” due to a confounding U2-related scheduling conflict at their old ballpark in Miami that forced them to…
Shaq's Large Teenage Son Will Play College Ball At Arizona
Patrick RedfordYesterday 6:51pm
27
4
Last we heard from Shareef O’Neal, he was dunking over his father, Kazaam star Shaquille O’Neal. Shareef is a five-star power forward listed at 6-foot-8 and he’ll almost certainly grow some more, as he’s just a high school junior.
Deadspin Up All Night: Too Scared To Say A Thing
Tim MarchmanYesterday 6:45pm
53
6
Thank you for your continued support of Deadspin. Jawbreaker’s as good as they were when I was 14 and mail-ordering them on vinyl, I’ll turn up for the reunion, why not.
Shared from Kotaku
Modder Makes Over $4,000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4
Patricia HernandezYesterday 6:32pm
81
13
In the world of The Sims 4, life is a lighthearted cartoon. You can die of laughter and turn into a ghost. You can sleep with characters, but it’s not sex: instead, “Woohooing” happens out of sight, all giggles and hearts. For some people, The Sims 4 doesn’t go far enough in its portrayal of intimacy. (NSFW warning!)
Shared from Fusion
Jason Chaffetz Is Maybe Considering Running for President in 2028
Ashley FeinbergYesterday 5:46pm
143
17
Earlier today, House Oversight Committee Chairman and Benghazi enthusiast Jason Chaffetz announced that he would not seek reelection to public office in 2018. While this is surely a blow to fans of incompetent investigations and ineffectual letter writing, the Chaffetz-heads out there need not worry quite yet. Because…
Shared from Deals
Today's Best Deals: Noise Cancelling Headphones, Smart Plugs, Shoes Under $35, and More
Shep McAllisterYesterday 5:46pm
44
5
Wireless noise-cancelling headphones, shoes under $35, and popular Bodum drinkware lead off Wednesday’s best deals.
See If You Can Spot The Difference Between These Photos
Barry PetcheskyYesterday 5:33pm
212
31
This idea is shamelessly stolen from the Times’ sports desk.
Former Elite Gymnast Speaks Out Against Larry Nassar, Doctor Accused Of Sexually Abusing Dozens Of Athletes: "I Just Trusted Him"
Dvora MeyersYesterday 5:17pm
32
9
Yesterday, Kamerin Moore, a former junior elite gymnast, posted a powerful, wrenching video testimony detailing the sexual abuse she endured at the hands of former national team physician Dr. Larry Nassar, who is currently in jail awaiting trial on sexual assault charges as well as federal child pornography charges.…
Report: Aaron Hernandez Wrote "John 3:16" On His Forehead Before Apparent Suicide [Update]
Tom LeyYesterday 4:54pm
295
8
WBZ Boston is reporting that former Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez, who was found dead in his jail cell after apparently hanging himself early this morning, had “John 3:16,” a reference to the Biblical verse, written on his forehead when his body was discovered.
Actually, Marcus Smart Flipping Off A Fan Was Good
Kevin DraperYesterday 4:38pm
127
4
In the fourth quarter of last night’s dispiriting loss to the Chicago Bulls that put Boston in a 0-2 hole, Celtics wing Marcus Smart took and missed a three-pointer. Backpedaling down the court, he jawed with a fan, and eventually flipped the bird.
MORE FROM DEADSPIN
Concussion Testing Is Flawed, But It's Not The Real Problem
Messi Eats Shit
Bowflex's Crazy-Popular Adjustable Dumbbells Are Back On Sale, If You Missed Out on Sunday
Report: Jeb And Jeets Team Up To Make Bid For Marlins
More stories
Want Deadspin’s email newsletter?
Subscribe
You may also like
Gizmodo
Google's Plan to Build Ad-Blocking Into Chrome Could Be a Very Good Thing
Yesterday 11:19pm
Want Deadspin’s email newsletter?
Subscribe
About BlogNeed Help?Content GuideDeadspin Store
PermissionsPrivacyTerms of UseAdvertisingJobsRSS
©2017 Gizmodo Media Group  IE=11; IE=10; IE=9; IE=8; IE=EDGE  //x.kinja-static.com/assets/stylesheets/editor-47343e26bc98dc151722ea1313eb703e.css E8XcSciqzOAn75mK4Fj5hdxYRX2_cO2abaYZrl2KrjQ width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, minimum-scale=1.0,maximum-scale=10.0 INDEX, FOLLOW https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--hYvXo8Vk--/c_fill,fl_progressive,g_center,h_80,q_80,w_80/rnxqtvv6advgidzfs6am.png https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--iIvh_25i--/c_fill,fl_progressive,g_center,h_200,q_80,w_200/rnxqtvv6advgidzfs6am.png Deadspin - Sports News without Access, Favor, or Discretion blog https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--iIvh_25i--/c_fill,fl_progressive,g_center,h_200,q_80,w_200/rnxqtvv6advgidzfs6am.png https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--iIvh_25i--/c_fill,fl_progressive,g_center,h_200,q_80,w_200/rnxqtvv6advgidzfs6am.png http://deadspin.com summary_large_image @deadspin Deadspin - Sports News without Access, Favor, or Discretion Sports News without Access, Favor, or Discretion Sports News without Access, Favor, or Discretion Sports News without Access, Favor, or Discretion en_US Deadspin 49024928184          
