Leadpages Landing Page Builder & Lead Gen Software?
The #1 Landing Page Builder
Leadpages generates leads and sales for your business on the web, in emails, via text messaging, and on social media. Meet the powerful tools that make it possible.
SEE A DEMO START BUILDING PAGES
FEATURED BY...
Start with High-Performing Templates, Then Make Them Yours
Choose from hundreds of mobile-responsive landing page templates for every industry. Each one is designed to get more customers to join your email list, sign up for your event, or buy your products.
GET INSPIRED WITH 350+ TEMPLATES
Grow Your Business Online (and Off) with a Suite of Powerful Features
Leadpages is the only platform that lets you collect leads and customer contacts from landing pages, pop-up forms, social media, text messaging, and email. Our simple interface and built-in optimization tools are ready to make your next campaign the easiest and most successful one yet.
Leadpages Features
Leadpages generates leads and sales for your business on the web, in emails, via text messaging, and on social media. Meet the powerful tools that make it possible.
LEADBOXES®:
Lead Capture Pop-Ups
Add Leadboxes opt-in forms to any page or site to collect leads and automatically deliver your best content.
See how it works
LEADDIGITS®:
Mobile Opt-in Codes
Reach people on the go with Leaddigits, which captures opt-ins via text message. Then, add Leadlinks to your emails for one-click signups.
See how it works
LEADLINKS®:
1-Click Signup Links
Add Leadlinks to your emails and let subscribers instantly change their email preferences, opt in for extra content, or sign up for webinars.
See how it works
Always Mobile-Responsive
Your pages automatically look great on every device, so you can collect leads from anywhere.
No Coding Needed
Edit, customize, clone, and publish pages just by clicking and typing. What you see is what your visitors get.
Designed for Conversion
Leadpages templates are based on extensive research to discover what really prompts customers to take action.
Drag-and-Drop Customization
Make every page your own by dropping new elements where you want them. Text, images, buttons, and even widgets such as countdown timers all snap into place with ease.
Add Pages to Any Site
Publish unlimited landing pages to Leadpages' super-fast servers, WordPress, your Facebook page, or any other site you own in a few clicks.
A/B Testing & Analytics
Get instant insight into your page and opt-in form performance with simple analytics. Then, use A/B testing to get optimized.
VIEW ALL FEATURES
Works with the Most Popular Marketing Platforms
Choose from a wide range of integrations—including all major email marketing services—and send your new leads straight to the tools you already use.
SEE ALL INTEGRATIONS
I knew from the second I discovered Leadpages that my email list was going to see some serious growth. From Day One, that's exactly what happened. I've used Leadpages for my product launches, live webinars, trainings, sales pages, free giveaways and thank you pages—you name it.
AMY PORTERFIELD, CEO OF AMYPORTERFIELD.COM
Devoted to Helping You Succeed
Our support specialists and marketing educators are ready to share their expertise whenever you need it, whether you're building your first page or trying out a new integration.
If you'd like a little guidance from our sales team, they're ready to chat. If you've got the DIY spirit, we've got a free marketing library waiting for you to explore. Wherever you go, you'll find support and resources to ensure you get the most from your membership.
Lead Generation for Every Business
From Fortune 500 companies to first-time entrepreneurs, people in every industry are using Leadpages to take control of their marketing and get better results.
GET STARTED
Join 40,000 customers and start growing your business.
Standard
For Home Businesses
and Solopreneurs
$25
per month
paid annually
MOST POPULAR
Pro
For Small Businesses
and Professional Marketers
$48
per month
paid annually
VIEW ALL PLANS
Advanced
For Marketing Teams
and Agencies
$199
per month
paid annually
SUPPORT
KNOWLEDGE BASE
COMPANY
ABOUT
CAREERSWE'RE HIRING
CERTIFICATION DIRECTORY
LEGAL
PARTNERS
PARTNER API
EMAIL MARKETING AUTOMATION
MARKETING COMMAND CENTER
FROM THE BLOG
[Template Download] Get Customers Hanging on Your Words with This Easy E-Book Sales Page
As Fortune noted last fall, independently published e-books have swiftly been...
READ FULL ARTICLE
CONNECT WITH US
CALL SALES: (855): 835-3877
CONTACT
PRESS & MEDIA
©2010-2017 AVENUE 81 INC. D/B/A LEADPAGES, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Leadpages®, Leadbox™, Leadboxes®, Leadlinks®, Leaddigits® are registered trademarks of Avenue 81 Inc. d/b/a Leadpages.
BUILT IN
MINNESOTA   width=device-width, user-scalable=yes Generate leads and increase revenue using the industry-leading landing page builder with accompanying suite of lead generation and opt-in tools. 8649257 a912093124edd76a7ed3 en_US article LeadPages //www.leadpages.net/assets/imgs/_rebrand/facebook_share.jpg https://www.facebook.com/Leadpages https://www.facebook.com/Leadpages summary @leadpages LeadPages @leadpages IE=edge Leadpages Landing Page Builder & Lead Gen Software Generate leads and increase revenue using the industry-leading landing page builder with accompanying suite of lead generation and opt-in tools. https://www.leadpages.net/
