Latest News, Videos & Guest Interviews from the Today Show on NBCToday.com
WATCH EPISODES
HEARD IT ON THE SHOW?
More
Search
SHOP
?
Tim Clayton / Corbis/Getty Images
Serena Williams is pregnant, shares baby bump pic at '20 weeks'
She's the top-ranked female tennis player and engaged to be married, but there is another title coming to Serena Williams' life soon: mom!
Zara
Zara slammed for putting hate symbol on a denim skirt
Fast-fashion brand Zara came under fire for selling a denim skirt embellished with the Pepe the Frog meme.
Venuza
Do you really need a bridal party? 5 things I wish I knew before my wedding
While the bride and groom traditionally choose friends to partake in their special day, there are many reasons to opt out of a bridal party.
@patrickrenna/Instagram
'Ham' from 'The Sandlot' is a dad — see the adorable baby pic
Patrick Renna, best known for his line "You're killing me, Smalls!" in the classic 1990s movie "The Sandlot," announced the baby news on social media.
NBC NEWS TOP HEADLINES
Fox News Cuts Ties With Bill O'Reilly, Closing Latest Chapter on Tumultuous TV Career
SeaWorld's Last Baby Killer Whale Born at Texas Park
Ice to Meet You: Newfoundland Sees First 'Berg of Season
17 Attorneys General Say Trump Travel Ban Harms Universities, Medical Institutions, Tourism
Federal Regulators Approve Bitcoin for Political Campaign Donations
By JCPenney
The best spring trends to try now
Jamie McCarthy / Getty Images
Gymnast Shawn Johnson East opens up about her 'stressful' first year of marriage
The Olympic gold medal-winning gymnast says she and her husband, NFL player Andrew East, "went through hard things."
Shutterstock
Yes, there is a right way to eat Pringles — and it makes a huge difference
Turns out, we've been eating Pringles wrong this whole time!
Lars Niki / Corbis via Getty Images
Richard Simmons breaks long silence after health scare
The 68-year-old fitness guru, who mysteriously vanished three years ago, shared a message with fans after being hospitalized this week.
Courtesy of The Corcoran Group
Taylor Swift's gorgeous NYC townhouse is for sale — see inside!
Take a tour inside the New York City townhouse Taylor Swift once called home. It's currently on the market!
Baby spa lets infants enjoy floating, massage
Infants as young as 2 weeks old can bob in the water at Float Baby, a Houston, Texas, spa designed for the youngest clients.
Calvin Klein
Lauren Hutton poses for Calvin Klein's new underwear campaign — at 73!
We are once again in awe of Lauren Hutton's beauty after seeing her latest campaign for Calvin Klein underwear.
E! News
Watch Chris Pratt play a game of 'What Is My Snack' and crush it
E! News put a blindfolded Pratt to the test in a game inspired by his hilarious video series, #WHATSMYSNACK.
Getty Images
The 1 safety feature your teen's car should have
Warmer weather is here, and many young motorists will head out for solo drives. Here's what to know before buying a used car for your teen.
Andrew Renneisen / Chipotle
Chipotle just raised its prices and burrito-lovers are mad
Find out what Chipotle's price increase means for your burrito.
Getty Images
Famous doppelgangers: 16 celebrity pairs we have trouble telling apart
Here are 16 celebrity-doppelganger duos that make us do double takes.
Courtesy of Emilee Player
Divorced couple, new spouses win co-parenting at daughter's soccer game
One family is determined not to let divorce rain on their team spirit.
Shutterstock / Image Point Fr
Got belly bloat? The best time to go to the bathroom is...
Constipated? Gut doctors offer four fixes for belly bloat.
Anthony Harvey / Getty Images
Cara Delevingne chopped off all her hair — see the new look
If Cara Delevingne's new haircut is any indication, it looks like short is in for 2017.
Lashes Photography
Paralyzed groom surprises his bride by standing for first dance
Air Force veteran Thomas Martineau has been paralyzed from the chest down since 2008, but got on his feet for the first dance at his wedding.
Julia Roberts named People's Most Beautiful Woman for 5th time: See her past covers!
We've loved her since her days in "Pretty Woman" and "Notting Hill." She's already graced the cover in 1991, 2000, 2005, and 2010. This year, Roberts is People's...
Teri Lyn Fisher
How to make huevos rancheros in a mug
Mug cake lovers will want to try this mug breakfast idea: Microwave eggs with avocado, salsa, cheddar and more tasty add-ins.
lesleyannemurphy/Instagram
‘The Bachelor’ alum shares powerful post-op photo following double mastectomy
Less than a week after surgery, Lesley Murphy posted an open-shirt photo revealing her body as it is now — along with an important message.
StudioCanal
'The Graduate' turns 50! Here are 5 things you may not know about the movie
"The Graduate" is still one of the greatest coming-of-age movies Hollywood has ever made, and elevated the careers of everyone associated with it.
Mark Humphrey / AP
Tom Brady salutes parents' 48th anniversary with sweet Instagram throwback photo
Tom Brady saluted his parents on their wedding anniversary with a throwback photo and a heartwarming message.
KENNEDY ZAROUR / CATERS NEWS
Watch this dad of 5 girls flip out when he learns he has a new baby boy
Kennedy Zarour couldn't contain his excitement when he learned he'd finally had a baby boy.
Getty Images
Victoria's Secret answers 'What is sexy?' with nearly all thin, white women
Victoria's Secret is under fire for featuring nearly all white, blonde, slender women on its 2017 'What Is Sexy?' list.
Shutterstock
I used my slow cooker for 182 days straight — here's what I learned
Find out the top tips from a Crock-Pot pro who has created nearly 100 slow-cooker recipes.
'Love Your Melon' apparel brand gives hats (and more) to kids battling cancer
Love Your Melon, an apparel startup launched in 2012 by college pals Zachary Quinn and Brian Keller, sells hats, beanies and scarves. The company isn't focused...
HGTV
The 'Property Brothers' are designing 'Drew's Honeymoon House' in new show
Drew and Jonathan Scott will be taking on a big project for a new show. Find out about 'Property Brothers at Home: Drew's Honeymoon House.'
TODAY
Homeless girls find Girl Scout Troop to call their own: 'We're real sisters'
The members of Girl Scout Troop 6000 in New York City are part of the first troop organized exclusively for homeless girls.
Courtesy Stacey Boone
Will your breast implants give you cancer? Woman shares warning
A woman who developed a very rare cancer linked to certain breast implants is warning others to stay vigilant about their bodies.
Sheryl Crow sings her hit 'Soak Up the Sun' live on TODAY
Grammy winner Sheryl Crow is live on the TODAY plaza to sing songs both new and old. Watch her perform "Soak Up the Sun," the lead single from her 2002 album...
Richard Gere on filming 'Pretty Woman': 'There weren't high expectations'
Actor Richard Gere joins Kathie Lee Gifford to talk about his new film "Norman," looking at colleges with his teenage son, and the movie he's best known for....
Samantha Okazaki / TODAY
'Fixer Upper' hubby Chip Gaines wrote the sweetest birthday message to Joanna
Joanna Gaines is no fixer-upper. In fact, as far as her husband and HGTV partner Chip is concerned, she's just about perfect.
By Tophatter
The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women
Tim Graham/Getty Images
Prince William reveals the shock of Princess Diana’s death is still with him
Prince William is opening up about the powerful emotions he still feels, 20 years after his mother's tragic death.
People
Julia Roberts named People's Most Beautiful Woman for record 5th time
Roberts tells the magazine that happiness, humor and healthy living have helped her maintain her fresh-faced, girl-next-door beauty.
Kathie Lee's book is going for big bucks since Melania Trump read it at White House
On Monday, first lady Melania Trump read "Party Animals," a children's book by Kathie Lee Gifford, at the White House Easter egg roll. Now Kathie Lee and Hoda...
faithhill / Instagram
Faith Hill’s duet with young fan is the cutest thing you’ll see today
After seeing a video of the little girl singing, the country superstar invited her backstage for an impromptu duet!
TODAY
TODAY's Next Big Thing: Vote for your favorite invention!
We are embarking on country-wide search with QVC to find the next greatest product to hit the market for TODAY's "Next Big Thing."
Sheryl Crow: I sang backup for Michael Jackson, created McDonald's jingle
Grammy winner Sheryl Crow is guest co-host of TODAY's Take and plays a trivia game about herself called "Sheryl Says." Among the surprising facts that emerge:...
TODAY
Healthy hacks for your favorite foods — from lasagna to margaritas
Justin Chapple adds easy hacks to Sheryl Crow's favorite healthy recipes for avocado mousse, wonton lasagna and more.
Getty Images
Adidas apologizes for congratulating runners who 'survived' Boston Marathon
Adidas sent out an email congratulating runners who 'survived' the Boston Marathon, four years after the deadly bombing.
Ikea
There's a designer version of the iconic blue Ikea tote — for $2,145
If you've ever dreamed of having a luxury version of the beloved Ikea bag, Balenciaga has answered your prayers!
Todd Williamson / AP
Ready for No. 3! Bristol Palin shows off her baby bump
Bristol Palin and her husband, U.S. Marine Corps veteran Dakota Meyer, are gearing up to welcome another little girl in early May.
Caught on video: Day care worker slams toddler onto floor
Via livestream video, a mother witnessed her 18-month-old child being tossed and slammed to the ground by a day care worker at The Children's Courtyard in Plano,...
Lindsay Graham: 'We're on a collision course with North Korea'
Sen. Lindsay Graham joins the TODAY anchors on set to discuss the Iran nuclear deal, the Democratic near-victory in Georgia's special election, and President...
CATERS NEWS
'I always thought of him as my dad': Teen asks stepdad to adopt her
This teen knew exactly what special thing to do for her stepdad's 39th birthday: she asked him to adopt her.
George H.W. Bush back in Houston hospital for mild case of pneumonia
Former President George H.W. Bush is recovering in a Houston hospital after being admitted for a mild case of pneumonia. This is the second time the 92-year-old...
'Facebook killer' Steve Stephens' death: How McDonald's worker tipped off police
Steve Stephens, the suspect accused of killing a man and posting a video of the murder on Facebook, spent 48 hours on the run before committing suicide after...
Fetal Vision Imaging
Ultrasound shows ‘beautiful’ moment twins appear to be kissing in the womb
Mom-to-be Carissa Gill was shocked by the sweet moment that her twins shared in an ultrasound image.
Mike Pence promises 'overwhelming and effective' response to North Korea
Vice President Mike Pence issued a new warning to North Korea overnight, labeling it a "dangerous and urgent threat." This comes just hours after information...
Shutterstock
7 stores that will reward you for bringing in old clothes
We know how hard it is to part from those favorite old pair of jeans. These rewards make it worth it.
Ellentube
Ellen DeGeneres bribes 'Nugget Boy' with cool swag to keep her Twitter record
Carter Wilkerson, the 16-year-old viral sensation who loves Wendy's chicken nuggets, is closing in on DeGeneres' Twitter record.
University of Nebraska Athletic Department
Watch this military dad surprise his family — disguised as a football player
Staff Sgt. Matthew Hawke surprised his family while disguised as a University of Nebraska football player before the team's annual spring game.
Hans Carlin / IKEA
Love the Swedish meatballs? Ikea may open standalone restaurants and cafés
Hold the furniture! Would you head to Ikea for food alone?
Todd Williamson / AP
Ready for No. 3! Bristol Palin shows off her huge baby bump
Bristol Palin and her husband, U.S. Marine Corps veteran Dakota Meyer, are gearing up to welcome another little girl in early May.
Reuters/AENetworks
How prison love triangle that led to 2 killers' escape became a Lifetime movie
Two murderers' escape from prison dominated headlines in 2015 — and the backstory of the woman who helped them was ripe for a Lifetime movie.
Marvel Studios
Mom smash! Zoe Saldana uses The Hulk to get her kids to eat their veggies
When you spend the day covered head-to-toe in green makeup, you may as well use that to your advantage at kid mealtime.
stella.s.makeup/leevittu/Instagram
This bizarre eyebrow trend is real — but it started as a joke
When you mess with the usual eyebrow, you might get shade thrown your way. Or you might accidentally start a sensation, like feather brows.
ABC
Nick Viall shaved his beard for 'Dancing with the Stars' and was barely recognizable
You can't play Pinocchio, a young wooden puppet, when you have scruffy facial hair!
J&J Snack Foods Corp.
Pillsbury Churro Bites are the stuff of cinnamon-sugar dreams
They'll be here in time for Cinco de Mayo.
Kelly Diane Howland
Postpartum mom to stranger at Target: 'My body doesn't need to be changed'
A mom spoke out after she was targeted by a woman selling body-toning products to postpartum mothers.
Courtesy of Becca Longo
This teen from Arizona just made college football history
Becca Longo is believed to be the first female to receive a football scholarship to a Division II school or higher.
Getty Images
Katy Perry opens up about seeing a therapist: 'It's changed my life'
The fame and fortune that come with pop stardom may sound like the perfect way to get what you want — but according to Katy Perry, that's the problem.
Starbucks
Our top 10 favorite healthy bites at Starbucks
We tasted every healthy food at Starbucks, and these are our favorites.
AROUND THE WEB
Celebrities Who Are Completely Unrecognizable Without Makeup
TheList.com
Princess Charlotte Makes Her First Palace Balcony Appearance
Huffingtonpost.com
These Three Sets Of Twins Share The Same Birthday
Huffingtonpost.com
Adorable Dogs Before & After Haircuts
TheList.com
The Stunning Transformation of Lena Dunham
TheList.com
Baby Names You Won't Regret in 10 Years
TheList.com
TODAY Daily Buzz newsletter
PRIVACY
WATCH VIDEO
1:09
Aaron Hernandez found dead in his prison cell, an apparent suicide
2:30
‘Facebook killer’ Steve Stephens’ death: How McDonald’s worker tipped off police
1:57
Trump administration reviews Iran nuclear deal, considers killing agreement
2:18
Democrat Jon Ossoff nearly pulls off upset in Georgia special election
2:11
Mike Pence promises ‘overwhelming and effective’ response to North Korea
4:20
Lindsay Graham: ‘We’re on a collision course with North Korea’
1:51
George H.W. Bush back in Houston hospital for mild case of pneumonia
2:34
United CEO: No one will be fired over passenger dragging incident
2:04
3 dead in Fresno shooting spree; police cite racial hatred
2:39
Caught on video: Day care worker slams toddler onto floor
5:01
Robert De Niro talks about Tribeca Film Festival and ‘Godfather’ reunion
3:32
‘Love Your Melon’ apparel brand gives hats (and more) to kids battling cancer
2:23
‘Facebook killer’ is now the object of a nationwide manhunt
2:34
Facebook killer ‘didn’t just snap,’ former FBI profiler says
3:16
On income tax day, Trump continues to refuse to release his returns
6:12
Elizabeth Warren on Jon Ossoff campaign, Trump and whether she’ll run for president
2:47
Texas fitness instructor Missy Bevers’ murder remains unsolved one year later
2:23
Prince William and Lady Gaga team up for mental health campaign
2:25
How to protect yourself from those maddening robocalls
2:47
Sunscreen in school: Parents push for kids to be allowed to use it
4:24
Watch Bill Nye quiz the TODAY anchors about science myths and facts
2:25
North Korea is putting missile program ‘into overdrive,’ expert warns
2:46
Mike Pence to North Korea: Our ‘strategic patience’ has run out
0:54
Neil Gorsuch takes his seat on Supreme Court Monday
2:20
Trump demands investigation of Tax Day protesters: ‘Election is over’
About TODAY Visit TODAY TODAY store TODAY apps Contact us Sitemap Jobs Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Closed captioning Advertise  AdChoices   width=device-width initial-scale=1 maximum-scale=1 user-scalable=no 43434ADDF3F60D7897F819F388E2FADF Find the latest tips, advice, news stories & videos from the TODAY Show with Matt Lauer, Savannah Guthrie, Al Roker, Natalie Morales & Willie Geist on NBC. Find the latest tips, advice, news stories & videos from the TODAY Show with Matt Lauer, Savannah Guthrie, Al Roker, Natalie Morales & Willie Geist on NBC. Latest News, Videos & Guest Interviews from the Today Show on NBC Latest News, Videos & Guest Interviews from the Today Show on NBC TODAY.com website https://nodeassets.today.com/cdnassets/today-images/today_social.jpg http://www.today.com 122384521533 100001657893615 12566691349 summary_large_image @TodayShow Find the latest tips, advice, news stories & videos from the TODAY Show with Matt Lauer, Savannah Guthrie, Al Roker, Natalie Morales & Willie Geist on NBC. @TodayShow TODAY.com https://nodeassets.today.com/cdnassets/today-images/today_social.jpg a7677253ad12eb6fce74900cc0579228 uDRXhvw8LRHhorJhIUmXCkUPjqGebM6KFh9jZGwH6VA app-id=416357699, affiliate-data=ct=todaycom_sb&pt=211554, app-argument=http://www.today.com
