Bitbucket | The Git solution for professional teamsBitbucket logo
Features
Integrations
Server
Data Center
Pricing
Log in
Get started
Code, Manage, Collaborate
Bitbucket is the Git solution for professional teams
Get started for free
Or host it yourself with Bitbucket Server
Built for professional teams
Distributed version control system that makes it easy for you to collaborate with your team. The only collaborative Git solution that massively scales.
Code collaboration on steroids
Approve code review more efficiently with pull requests. Hold discussions right in the source code with inline comments. 
Git that massively scales
Have uninterrupted access with Bitbucket Data Center. Fast performance wherever you are in the world.
Flexible deployment models
Enjoy flexible deployment models for teams of all sizes and needs. Host it in our cloud or manage it on your servers.
Bitbucket Pipelines
One tool for all your needs, from code to deployment
Learn more
Unlimited private repositories
Get unlimited private and public repositories with Bitbucket. Bitbucket Cloud is free for small teams of 5.
Git Large File Storage (LFS)
Learn how to use Git LFS to store large assets for game development
Learn more
Secure your workflow
Prevent errors by controlling the actions users can perform with branch permissions. Get granular permissions at the project, repository, or branch level.
Bitbucket Server
Bitbucket Server gives you secure, fast, enterprise-grade controls, like fine-grained permissions and powerful management features.
SourceTree
SourceTree is Atlassian's free desktop client for Bitbucket. Harness the full power of Git and Mercurial in a beautifully simple application.
Integrations that matter
Work with the tools that help your teams build better software
JIRA Software integration
Work efficiently by connecting commits and pull requests to JIRA Software issues
Connect framework
Customize Bitbucket Cloud your way using add-ons built with Atlassian Connect for Bitbucket
Trigger webhooks
Integrate easily with HipChat for team chat, Bamboo for continuous integration, or other systems using Bitbucket webhooks
The Atlassian stack helps us plan, communicate and collaborate, so that we can focus more on what we do best: creating great special effects software.”
— Nate Sparks, Product Manager
Watch Red Giant story
MORE THAN 1 MILLION TEAMS AND 6 MILLION DEVELOPERS LOVE BITBUCKET
Simple plans hosted in the cloud
SMALL TEAMS
FREE
for up to 5 users
Get started
LARGE TEAMS
$10
per month
10 users
 10 users
 25 users
 50 users
 100 users
 Unlimited users
  Get this plan
Want to host on your own server?
Learn Git for free
Visit Getting Git right and get free tutorials, news and tips
Let's go!
Bitbucket
Blog
API
Site status
Resources
Technical support
Documentation
Plans & pricing
Connect with us
Sign up for Git articles and resources:
Connect with Bitbucket
Atlassian logo
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Trust & security
Copyright © 2017
View all Atlassian products   IE=edge, chrome=1 width=device-width, initial-scale=1 Collaborate on code with inline comments and pull requests. Manage and share your Git repositories to build and ship software, as a team. Atlassian Bitbucket Bitbucket #205081 #205081 https://bitbucket-marketing-cdn.atlassian.com/assets/img/bitbucket/bitbucket_white-transparent_256x256.png Bitbucket | The Git solution for professional teams Collaborate on code with inline comments and pull requests. Manage and share your Git repositories to build and ship software, as a team. website https://bitbucket.org https://bitbucket-marketing-cdn.atlassian.com/dam/jcr:1437c132-1dbc-410d-b6a6-cb7fce8f2775/bitbucket_rgb_darkblue_atlassian_1200x630.png 1200 630 Bitbucket summary https://bitbucket-marketing-cdn.atlassian.com/dam/jcr:a7a6a501-1329-4543-b204-093584908134/Bitbucket_navy.png @Bitbucket
