Joomla! The CMS Trusted By Millions for their WebsitesJoomla!®
About
Download & Extend
News
Community
Support
Developers
Search
Joomla!
Download Demo
Home
About Joomla!
Core Features
Joomla! 3.6
News
Contribute
Contact
The Free Software Powering Millions of Websites
Joomla! is an award-winning content management system (CMS), which enables you to build web sites and powerful online applications.
Download Joomla!
Download and Install Joomla! in your own server or development environment.
Download Joomla! ?
Use Joomla!
Quickly launch a basic version of Joomla! on joomla.com. Easily upgrade for additional features.
Launch Joomla! ?
Try Joomla!
Experiment with a full 90 day demo version of Joomla. Great for testing an extension or template.
Start Joomla! Demo ?
  Joomla! Announcements
Joomla’s Homepage Gets A Fresh Look
We are pleased to announce the launch of the brand new design of the joomla.org homepage! And it’s not only about a new design, the content has been refreshed to make it easy to discover...
Read more ...
The next version of Joomla! is just around the corner
With over 700 improvements, including fantastic new features like custom fields, a multilingual association manager and an improved workflow, Joomla! 3.7 is clearly something to celebrate and it is easy to see why it has...
Read more ...
  Why Joomla?
Hundreds of developers have been improving Joomla! since the first version was released in 2005. This immense effort has made Joomla! very popular, easy to use, stable and secure.
Joomla! has thousands of free extensions and templates allowing you to customize your site to fit your specific needs.
Learn more about Joomla! 3
Features & Benefits
Search Engine Friendly
Mobile Friendly
Unlimited Design
Multilingual
Flexible & Fully Extensible
Multi-User Permission Levels
See more features
Announcements
Development News
Joomla! 3.7.0 Release Candidate 4
April 19, 2017 by Robert Deutz
Because we are trying to make the difference between the last RC and the stable release as small as possible, we released today Joomla! 3.7.0...
Joomla! 3.7.0 Release Candidate 3
April 18, 2017 by Robert Deutz
The Joomla! Project is pleased to announce the availability of Joomla! 3.7.0 Release Candidate 3. We invite our users to download and test the...
Community News
JET Recipients for JaB17 Announced!
March 29, 2017 by Rowan Hoskyns Abrahall
The Joomla Event Travel Programme (JET) is pleased to announce that we have selected 9 members from the worldwide Joomla community to attend...
Meet the new Open Source Matters (OSM) Board of Directors
March 25, 2017 by Ken Crowder
After many, many months, the OSM Board of Directors under the new structure is finally complete. The official role of the newly elected Board...
Team Reports
18th April 2017 JUG Team Meeting Minutes
April 18, 2017 by Jennifer Gress
In attendance:Brian RonnowJenn GressBruce ValleRown Hoskyns-Abrahall Apologies:Djamel KherbiNo shows:Eric Lamy At last word Eric is 43% through...
OSM, Inc - Full Board Meeting - April 13, 2017
April 18, 2017 by Luca Marzo
Open Source Matters, Inc. Full Board of Directors and Officers Meeting The Full Board of Directors and Officers of Open Source Matters, Inc. meets...
Upcoming Events
JoomlaDays - April/May 2017
JoomlaDay Norway, April 21st
JoomlaDay Burundi, May 6th
JoomlaDay France, May 12th to 13th
JoomlaDay Madrid, May 13th
More events
Joomla! Means Community
Joomla! is the only major CMS that is built entirely by volunteers from all over the world. We have a strong community bond and all take pleasure in building something that has a large global impact. If you are interested in volunteering please head over to the volunteer portal.
Get involved
80 +
MILLION
DOWNLOADS
  10 +
THOUSAND
EXTENSIONS &
TEMPLATES
  2 +
MILLION
WEB SITES
    900 +
VOLUNTEERS
  550 +
THOUSAND
LINES OF CODE
  68
LANGUAGES
Who is using Joomla?
Joomla! is trusted by some of the world’s most well-known companies and much-loved brands as well as millions of websites throughout the world!
NINTENDO NORDIC
GE DISTRIBUTED POWER RUSSIA
E-STYLE
TITAN GARAGES AND SHEDS
You can see many great examples of quality Joomla! sites in the Showcase Directory
View more examples
Joomla! on Twitter
Joomla! on Facebook
Joomla! on Google+
Joomla! on YouTube
Joomla! on LinkedIn
Joomla! on Pinterest
Joomla! on GitHub
Home About Community Forum Extensions Resources Docs Developer Shop
Accessibility Statement Privacy Policy Help Translate Report an Issue Log in
© 2005 - 2017 Open Source Matters, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Joomla! Hosting by Rochen   joomla, Joomla, dynamic portal, content management, CMS, digital publishing, open source, GPL, security, community width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0 yes blue summary_large_image @joomla The Platform Millions of Websites Are Built On https://cdn.joomla.org/images/joomla-twitter-card.jpg Joomla.org unsafe-url jrag6pGzOlb7sHXFr-742OJv8UYvJLe7MYqS6HFj07k Joomla! https://cdn.joomla.org/images/joomla-org-og.jpg Joomla! is the mobile-ready and user-friendly way to build your website. Choose from thousands of features and designs. Joomla! is free and open source. Joomla! - Open Source Content Management
