NORTON™ Malaysia - Antivirus SoftwarePRODUCTS & SERVICES
SECURITY CENTRE
SUPPORT
DOWNLOADS
COMMUNITY
RENEW
Sign In
Live your life online without worry.
Everyone has the right to explore this connected world without fear. Everything we do is focused on protecting that freedom.
Norton Security Standard
Protection for any way you choose to connect.
MYR 99.00
MYR 89.00
Learn More
Price shown is an introductory offer price; see details below.  
UNCOVER THE HIDDEN WORLD OF ANONYMOUS SERVERS

In the second episode of the Most Dangerous Town on the Internet, “Where Cybercrime Goes to Hide,” we uncover the anonymous servers that blur the lines between good and evil online. Take a first and last look inside the nuclear bunkers, a sea fortress, and an abandoned apartment that host both online freedom and cybercrime.
Watch now
More PC Magazine Editors' Choice Awards Than Any Other Security Company.
PC Magazine Editors' Choice Award reprinted with permission. © 2015 Ziff Davis, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 37-Time Winner awarded on October 27, 2015.
We build that knowledge into every Norton product.
Norton security experts create next-generation protection designed to defend against the newest threats out there. And those timely product updates are automatically delivered to our customers.
Norton security products are built to perform for real people in real-world situations, whether you have a single connected device or a family full of them. And Norton wins the awards our customers care about, consistently outperforming the competition in independent head-to-head tests.
The accolades are just one measure of our relentless dedication to providing unparalleled online security. We’re thankful for the recognition, but we don’t build our easy-to-install and easy-to-use security products simply to win awards. We build them for you, your family and the people you care about. 
We offer a protection promise only Norton can make.
Protecting your data and information is our only concern. It’s why Norton makes this bold promise to you: From the moment you subscribe, a Norton expert is available to help keep your devices virus-free or we’ll refund your money.
The Virus Protection Promise is the assurance that, if a virus ever manages to slip through the Norton multi-layer defense system, our global team of technical experts will provide world-class support to remove it from the moment you start your subscription. In the unlikely event that the virus can’t be removed, you’ll get your money back.
You need multiple layers of protection to keep today’s savvy cybercriminals out. Free antivirus software, or the security built into your operating system, offers only limited protection. It’s like locking your front door, but leaving your windows open. You’re not completely protected. And free solutions won’t offer support if malware infiltrates your system.
The combination of our 25-year history of making security products, global footprint, powerful threat insight, cutting-edge technology and expert support enables us to offer the Virus Protection Promise to you.
We are supremely confident in our ability to protect you. And we want you to share in that confidence when you are online, surfing safely with the knowledge that you have one of the best security products in the world protecting your digital life. 
Important pricing terms, offer details and disclosures here



WANT MORE?
Follow us for all the latest news, tips and updates.
Products
Norton Security Standard
Norton Security Deluxe
Norton Security Premium
Norton Family Premier
Norton Mobile Security
Norton Online Backup
Norton Utilities
Services
Norton Services
Spyware and Virus Removal
Norton Safe Web
Free Virus Scan
Parental Controls Software
Password Generator
Password Manager
Norton Safe Search
Support and Downloads
Norton Support
Norton Update Centre
Downloads
Norton on Social
Norton on Facebook
Norton on Google+
Norton on Twitter
Norton on YouTube
Malaysia Legal Notice License Agreement Privacy Policy Careers Cookies Site Map RSS System Status
©1995 - 2017 Symantec Corporation   IE=edge width=device-width,minimum-scale=1,maximum-scale=1  Norton provides the best security software for your PC, Mac, and mobile devices.  Get Norton software and enjoy a peace of mind when you surf online. 94ADFF0C4C81F166F5F8DE2E4B8BF89E d0R_oHRcXIBJGhOaFboDnWXp_pgLgQloVxWebNA3Ids LhERcy2K7qcFAtibu0EOtg2DcB28g8hwbgqKp-XGrng https://malaysia.norton.com
