PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and moreSUBSCRIBE
? ? ?
?
Home
NEWS
REVIEWS
HOW-TO
VIDEO
BUSINESS
LAPTOPS
TABLETS
PHONES
HARDWARE
SECURITY
SOFTWARE
GADGETS
AMD Radeon RX 550: Where this thrilling budget GPU stumbles
This patch bypasses the Windows 7 ban on new PCs
Move over, NES Classic? A tiny retro Super Nintendo may be coming this year
Microsoft Surface Studio review: Creativity is a sublime, pricey experience
7 advanced Google Chrome tips and tweaks that save you time
PCWorld VIDEO
Watch More Videos
HARDCORE HARDWARE
Hardcore Hardware: Asus' new Four Dot One PC gives you 4K gaming in your pocket
2:17
Hardcore Hardware
Hardcore Hardware: Asus' new Four Dot One PC gives you 4K gaming in your pocket
2:33
Software
Windows 10 Creators Update Review: Microsoft makes it fun
4:03
How-To's & Tips
Windows 10 Creators Update: The Best New Features
Gaming
Building virtual PCs in PC Building Simulator
2:49
Hardcore Hardware
Nvidia's mighty GeForce GTX 1080 Ti cranks PC gaming to 11
1:46
Hardware & Accessories
Surface Studio First Look: Features and specs
14:13
Hardware & Accessories
Microsoft Surface Studio: We Unbox the Ultimate Windows All-in-One
1:06
SXSW 2017
Levi's and Google Jacquard bring you a connected jacket you'll actually wear
2:05
Hardware & Accessories
Hands on: TAG Heuer Connected Modular 45 smartwatch
2:07
MWC 2017
Porsche Book One First Look
28:11
Hardware & Accessories
Ryzen pricing, Apple Park opening, Spectacles for the masses, and more! | War of the Worlds Ep 5
2:04
MWC 2017
Samsung Galaxy Book 12 First Look
LATEST STORIES
4 hours ago | By Agam Shah
Apple will return heat generated by data center to warm up homes
Apple is building a new data center in Denmark, and it has some interesting ideas on how to power the data center with renewable energy, while also giving back to the community.
6 hours ago | By Michael Kan
Hackers use old Stuxnet-related bug to carry out attacks
Users that run unpatched software beware. Hackers have been relying on an old software bug connected to the Stuxnet worm to carry out their attacks.
7 hours ago | By Mark Hachman
Microsoft will cut services to standalone Office users so they’ll subscribe to Office 365
Standalone Office users will start to feel the pinch in a few years, when Microsoft will cut off services unless you subscribe to Office 365. OneDrive and Skype for Business will be the first perks to go.
7 hours ago | By Brad Chacos
EVGA's GTX 1080 FTW2 and SC2 graphics cards get updated with faster memory
EVGA's rolling out a new version of the GTX 1080 FTW2 and SC2 with faster 11GHz memory, and a BIOS update lets existing owners join the fun.
SponsoredPost Sponsored by Fujitsu
Corporate security has never been so elegant
Don’t get hacked. Beat the data thieves with palm-vein recognition.
8 hours ago | By Agam Shah
Qualcomm: First Windows 10 ARM PC coming in the fourth quarter
If you want a Windows 10 PC that doesn't have an x86 chip from Intel or AMD, your wish will be granted in the fourth quarter.
8 hours ago | By Ian Paul
Newegg is selling this slim 23-inch 1080p monitor for $115
This Asus monitor sports a thin border, a slim profile, and a low price, but it also features a short journey through the history of display inputs.
9 hours ago | By Hayden Dingman
Saints Row II is free on GOG, but not for long
Plus GOG will give you DRM-free versions of any Saints Row games you already own on Steam, through GOG Connect.
9 hours ago | By Mark Hachman
Microsoft commits to a permanent schedule for new Windows 10, Office updates
Microsoft reveals when Redstone 3 will ship—as well as every Windows feature update beyond that—as part of its new semiannual schedule for Windows 10 and Office 365 ProPlus.
SponsoredPost Sponsored by Fujitsu
Speaking the digital natives’ language
The battle for talent. Learn how IT with Intel® can give you an edge.
11 hours ago | By Michael Simon
Now it's personal: Google Home picks up support for multiple accounts, voice recognition
In an update rolling out to all U.S. users, Google Home will now support up to six users and be able to differentiate between who is speaking for personalized briefings and playlists.
11 hours ago | By Lucian Constantin
Flaws let attackers hijack multiple Linksys router models
Two dozen Linksys router models are exposed to attacks that could extract sensitive information from their configurations, cause them to become unresponsive and even completely take them over.
11 hours ago | By Ian Paul
Dell's luscious new 4K monitor is bold, bright, and HDR-infused
Dell's UltraSharp UP2718Q HDR monitor comes with 1,000 nits brightness, a huge color spectrum, and a big ol' price tag of $2,000.
UPDATED 12 hours ago | By Michael Simon
HTC looks to put the squeeze on the S8 with a new grip-sensing flagship phone
HTC will reportedly release a Snapdragon 835-powered phone on May 16 that uses touch-sensitive bezels to control the screen.
13 hours ago | By Ian Paul
User-created patch lets Kaby Lake and Ryzen PCs receive Windows 7 updates
A new user-created patch lets Kaby Lake and Ryzen PCs get updates on Windows 7 or 8—but it may be more trouble than it's worth.
14 hours ago | By Brad Chacos
AMD Radeon RX 550 review: A thrilling budget graphics card with a perplexing price
The laser-focused Radeon RX 550 could have been the graphics card e-sports enthusiasts were waiting for, but it's priced too near the RX 560.
15 hours ago | By John Ribeiro
Google may build ad-blocking into Chrome
Google is likely to introduce an ad blocking feature that could be turned on by default in desktop and mobile versions of its Chrome browser, according to a news report.
« older stories
Top Android stories
from our new site, Greenbot
DEALPOST
Save Hundreds on this Python 3 Coding Bootcamp ($41) - Deal...
Now it's personal: Google Home picks up support for...
UPDATED
HTC looks to put the squeeze on the S8 with a new...
PCWorld Digital Magazine
IN THE CURRENT ISSUE
PCWorld's April Digital Edition: Ryzen Review—AMD is Back
Enjoy the best of PCWorld.com in a curated Digital Edition for Android and iOS.
BrandPosts Learn More
Sponsored by Heymarket
Solving Growing Pains As Smartphones Mingle the Business and the Personal
Sponsored by Sage Payment Solutions
Key Insights on Improving Cash Flow in Small Businesses
Sponsored by Avnet
From a Smart Idea to a Smart City
TODAY'S SPECIAL OFFERS
Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy?
Use our exclusive benchmarking tool to compare your cloud investment and deployment plans with your peers.
Internet Outage Detection - Free Trial
Internet Outage Detection clearly shows which of your services are impacted by ISP outages.
Backup your data with IDrive, save 90%
Protect PCs, Macs, & Smartphones with IDrive - All your devices for $5.95 the first year!
Enterprise WAN & LAN Monitoring
Download our free guide to learn how to intelligently monitor your WAN, LAN, Wi-Fi and SaaS apps.
Make the jump to NVMe Solid State Drives
TOSHIBA OCZ RD400 provides a more responsive PC experience with shorter storage latency than that of today’s traditional hard disk drives and SATA SSDs.
iPad (2017) review: With a stripped-down iPad for $329, you may not need to go pro
What cord-cutting TV antenna users need to know about the FCC's spectrum auction
Samsung Galaxy S8 review: The best phone ever made, only smaller
PCWorld
PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done.
About Us
Contact Us
Digital Edition Customer Service
Gift Subscription
Ad Choices
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
RSS
Terms of Service Agreement
E-commerce Affiliate Relationships
PCWorld CATEGORIES
Business
Laptops
Mobile
PC Hardware
Printers
Security
Software
Videos
Windows
IDG Network Sites
Advertise
Careers at IDG
Creative Lab
IDG
Permissions
IDG Consumer & SMB
Knowledge Hub
Macworld
TechHive
Get PCWorld's Digital Editions
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Follow us ? ? ?
Visit other IDG sites:
Select One
CIO
Computerworld
CSO
Greenbot
IDG Connect
IDG TechNetwork
IDG.tv
InfoWorld
IT News
ITworld
JavaWorld
Network World
PC World
TechHive
The Industry Standard
Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Please participate in IDG's short survey. Please click the arrow if you would like to participate in this survey.
>>>>   width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0 Covering everything from laptops to smartphones, from Windows 10 to productivity software, PCWorld delivers the information and expert advice you need to get the job done.    6070762 1542125639335283 website http://www.pcworld.com PCWorld http://csmb.staticworld.net/images/furniture/pcworld/NoPrimaryImage.png PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and more Covering everything from laptops to smartphones, from Windows 10 to productivity software, PCWorld delivers the information and expert advice you need to get the job done.    7352931005 summary @pcworld http://images.pcworld.com/images/pcworld_300.jpg Covering everything from laptops to smartphones, from Windows 10 to productivity software, PCWorld delivers the information and expert advice you need to get the job done.    PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and more www.pcworld.com/ PCWorld - News, tips and reviews from the experts on PCs, Windows, and more http://www.pcworld.com/ Homepage http://csmb.staticworld.net/images/furniture/pcworld/NoPrimaryImage.png    
