LEO.org - Ihr Sprachangebot im Web Home
 Dictionary
 Forums
  Trainer
 Courses
  Toolbars & Apps
 Help & More
 Seite auf Deutsch
 Login
 Advertisement





LEO is supported by
Advertisement
Support LEO:
MAKE A DONATION
LEO's dictionaries
                  New mobile version
07. 03. 2017
  A new version for mobile devices is now available to complement the relaunch of our desktop version. The new mobile version offers faster and easier access to all additional information regardless of which device and browser is used, and without needing the LEO app.
Other changes include making the mobile version faster and bringing the design and layout more into line with the desktop version. Navigating to our site from any browser will redirect you to the best version for your device.
We hope these changes will make using LEO on mobile devices even more fun!
Yours,
LEO team
  Download our apps
ANDROIDIPHONE/IPADMORE
Follow and share
      Weitere Services
Entdecken Sie mehr von LEO!
 LEO's cocktail bar
 Advertising with LEO
 User guides
 LEO’s Advent calendar
PREVIOUS NEWS
About us
LEO GmbH is a leading provider of online dictionaries for the language pairsEnglish ? German, French ? German, Spanish ? German, Italian ? German, Chinese ? German, Russian ? German, Portuguese ? German and Polish ? German. Members can connect with each other via the LEO forums, improve their vocabulary with the help of the vocab trainer or sign up for a language course and learn a new language or refresh their language skills.
 Forums
Vocabulary trainer
Language courses
An online service of LEO GmbH, originally established by the Rechnerbetriebsgruppe der Fakult?t für Informatik of Technische Universit?t München
Terms of Usage / Privacy PolicyLegal infoAdvertising with LEOSearch tips FAQ – Frequently Asked QuestionsCopyright © LEO Dictionary Team 2006 - 2017  text/html; charset=UTF-8 IE=edge LEO, German, Deutsch, English, Englisch, Dictionary, Allemand, Deutsch, Français, Franz?sisch, Dictionnaire, Alem?n, Deutsch, Espa?ol, Spanisch, Diccionario, Tedesco, Deutsch, Italiano, Italienisch, Dizionario, ??, Deutsch, ??, Chinesisch, ??, ????????? ?????, Deutsch, ???????? ?????, Russisch, ????????, Alem?o, Deutsch, Português, Portugiesisch, Dicion?rio, Niemiecki, Deutsch, Polski, Polnisch, S?ownik, W?rterbuch LEO.org: Ihr Sprachexperte im Internet - mit Online-W?rterbüchern, Forum, Vokabeltrainer und Sprachkursen. Im Web und als APP. #FFDF89 /img/leos/144x144/leo_neutral.png /img/leos/150x150/leo_neutral.png English ? German  - leo.org notranslate
