Fool.com: Stock Investing Advice | Stock ResearchThe Motley Fool
Helping the world invest better since 1993.
Hi, Fool!
Premium Advice
Help
Login
Latest Stock Picks
Stocks
How to Invest
Retirement
Personal Finance
Community

MOTLEY FOOL NEWS & COMMENTARY
3 Scorching-Hot Energy Stocks -- Are They Buys?
Tyler Crowe | April 19, 2017
Shares of Cloud Peak Energy, Energy Transfer Equity, and U.S. Silica have been on a tear. Is there more room to run?
MARKET PERFORMANCE
S&P 500
Today
0.76%
1 Year
12.14%
5 Years
71.09%
SPONSORED BY:
5 Dividend Stocks to Buy in April
Travis Hoium, Dan Caplinger, John Rosevear, Chuck Saletta, and Brian Feroldi | April 20, 2017
In industries from energy to soft drinks, there are still some stocks with good dividends available on the market today.
5 Must-See New Quotes From Netflix, Inc. Management
Daniel Sparks | April 19, 2017
Netflix management gives investors a glimpse into the company's international potential, why it envies YouTube, and more.
3 Tips for Investing in Apple Inc. Supplier Stocks
Ashraf Eassa | April 19, 2017
This Fool offers up three things investors should consider when evaluating an Apple supplier stock for purchase.
Go to All Fool Articles
10 STOCKS TO BUY RIGHT NOW

FROM THE TEAM THAT'S TRIPLED THE MARKET

Join Stock Advisor now and be among the first to learn their identities.

Don't miss out!
Get the Stocks!
ALREADY A MEMBER? LOG IN HERE
WHAT CAN THE FOOL DO TO HELP YOU TODAY?
Get Started Investing
You can do it. Successful investing in just a few steps.
Discover Stock Ideas
Find the next addition to your portfolio… or one to avoid.
Win at Retirement
Secrets and strategies for the post-work life you want.
Find Answers
Clear answers to common questions about investing and finance.
Track Your Stocks
Follow the performance of the stocks you own, or the ones you’re watching.
Join the Conversation
Discussion boards with fellow Fools, analysts, and experts.
Find a Broker
You can’t take advantage of our investing advice without a brokerage account.
Listen to Our Experts
Hear our award-winning radio show, podcasts, and more.
Get Premium Advice
Enjoy a world of winners from our teams of expert analysts.
DISCOVER STOCK IDEAS
WE PICK LOTS OF AMAZING STOCKS
Our job and our passion is finding awesome companies to recommend to our members, and we’ve had A LOT of success. We’ve found dozens and dozens of companies that have doubled, tripled or more, and we’re finding new winners every day. We enjoy enriching hundreds of thousands of individual investors with picks like:
Netflix
Up nearly 5,952%
since recommended in 2004 in Motley Fool Stock Advisor
Tell Me More
Disney
Up nearly 5,982%
since recommended (as Marvel) in 2002 in Motley Fool Stock Advisor
Tell Me More
Tesla
Up nearly 862%
since recommended in 2011 in Motley Fool Rule Breakers
Tell Me More
All returns updated daily unless otherwise noted. The Motley Fool recommends Tesla, Netflix, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of Tesla, Netflix, and Walt Disney.
MOTLEY FOOL PREMIUM SERVICES
Motley Fool Stock Picking Advice
Return
S&P
Stock Advisor
David and Tom Gardner's top stock recommendations
225.9%
67.36%
Rule Breakers
High-growth businesses poised to be tomorrow's market leaders
101.0%
55.50%
Income Investor
High-yielding stocks that pay out steady dividends
45.8%
41.06%
Hidden Gems
The world's best small-cap stocks
59.1%
52.65%
Inside Value
Undervalued stocks overlooked by Wall Street
46.9%
30.17%
Sign Up Today
Already a member? Log in here
Click the chart below to find the Motley Fool premium service that’s right for your investing style. Learn more.
Volatility profiles based on trailing-three-year calculations of the standard deviation of service investment returns as of July 31, 2015. Options, Pro, and Special Ops may use alternative instruments.
All returns as of each newsletter's date of origin. Recommendation Services Investment Return Calculations
ABOUT THE MOTLEY FOOL
Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better
From our founding in 1993, The Motley Fool has been fighting on the side of the individual investor. Our mission is to help the world invest better. And we take that seriously, one member at a time. But that doesn't mean we take ourselves seriously. We believe that investing is empowering, enriching, and fun.We look forward to joining you on your journey to financial independence. More about The Motley Fool
Like The Motley Fool on Facebook
Follow The Motley Fool on Twitter
Follow The Motley Fool on LinkedIn
Follow The Motley Fool on Pinterest
Follow The Motley Fool on YouTube
Follow The Motley Fool on Instagram
Follow The Motley Fool Culture Blog
Motley Fool Premium Services
Stock Picking Advice
Stock Advisor
Rule Breakers
Income Investor
Hidden Gems
Inside Value
Real Money Portfolios
Million Dollar Portfolio
Supernova
Pro
Fool One
Advanced & Investing
Options
Rule Your Retirement
More from The Motley Fool
Motley Fool Podcasts
Motley Fool Money
Market Foolery
Industry Focus
Motley Fool Answers
Rule Breaker Investing
Motley Fool Free Tools
Discussion Boards
CAPS Stock Ratings
Scorecard
Motley Fool Culture
Motley Fool Culture Blog
Motley Fool Careers
Sister Companies
Built from the ground up to be different, Fool Funds is a boutique shareholder-centric asset management firm founded on "Foolish" investing principles.
Foolish Separately Managed Account (SMA) across a precise blend of seven unique investment strategies inspired by many of The Motley Fool, LLC's services you already know and trust — including PRO, Supernova, and Million Dollar Portfolio.
Motley Fool Around the Globe
Fool UK
Fool Australia
Fool Canada
Fool Deutschland
Fool Singapore
Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions
© 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved.  2.1.0 IE=edge  width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0 The Motley Fool provides leading insight and analysis about stocks, helping investors stay informed. The Motley Fool The Motley Fool provides leading insight and analysis about stocks, helping investors stay informed. https://g.foolcdn.com/assets/images/fool/tmf-logo.png @themotleyfool The Motley Fool The Motley Fool provides leading insight and analysis about stocks, helping investors stay informed. The Motley Fool https://www.fool.com/ The Motley Fool provides leading insight and analysis about stocks, helping investors stay informed. The Motley Fool 50808187550 8D40D58712924715BAA79D135A6C8DDA 1Ses_default-1_topnews_100 https://g.foolcdn.com/assets/images/fool/tmf-logo.png 7240312795
