GTmetrix | Website Speed and Performance OptimizationFeatures Resources Blog GTmetrix PRO
Log In Sign Up
Analyze your site’s speed and make it faster.
GTmetrix gives you insight on how well your site loads and provides actionable recommendations on how to optimize it.
Analyze
Latest News
View Changes
We show you how to optimize your images, step-by-step, in our practical guide! Get started here:… https://t.co/ycAEyc9ffi
April 20, 2017
If you've been having issues testing on Chrome / Chrome Android, give it a try now!
April 17, 2017
PayPal Spotify GoDaddy Nordstrom Nike Travelocity HP NBC ASOS
176,043,880 pages analyzed so far.
Join thousands of people and companies around the world committed to making the web consistently fast.
GTmetrix tells you a lot about your website performance.
Our Report gives you the full picture on how your site loads and helps you detect where bottlenecks are.
Get more insight on the inner workings of your site.
Additional features give you details and data beyond an initial glance.
Monitor Pages
Schedule GTmetrix to test your pages daily, weekly or monthly to ensure your site stays optimized.
GTmetrix PRO users get access to hourly monitoring.
Set up Monitored Alerts
Get alerts if your page triggers a certain condition!
Set numerous conditions based on PageSpeed/YSlow score, Page load time, Total Page size, etc, and get an e-mail notification whenever any are triggered.
Test from Multiple Regions
Analyze the loading of your site from different regions around the world to see how users in the area would see it.
12 servers in 7 different areas globally gives you a wide geographic reach for analyzing your sites.
Analyze with Mobile
See your page performance on an actual Android phone (only available at our Vancouver region)!
GTmetrix visits your page through an Android phone to get real world performance data on your page load.
Video Capture
Record a video of your page loading and pinpoint exactly where bottlenecks occur!
Slow your playback up to 4 times the original speed, jump to major page load milestones, and get a filmstrip view that gives you a different visualization of your page load.
Take advantage of all of the powerful tools GTmetrix has to offer.
See additional features
Analyze your site now and see how well it performs!
Take advantage of all the features GTmetrix has to offer and make your site the fastest it can be!
Try it for FREE!
Need to use GTmetrix in a professional capacity? Check out GTmetrix PRO!
Frequently Asked Questions
Top 1000 Sites
Test Server Locations
GTmetrix REST API
Contact Us
About the Developer
GTmetrix was developed by GT.net as a tool for our managed hosting customers to easily determine the performance of their sites.
Learn more about GT.net »
Come and Follow Us
Follow us on Twitter @gtmetrix
Like us on Facebook
Check us out on Google+
Terms of Service  |  © 2017 GT.net  IE=edge width=device-width, initial-scale=1, user-scalable=no GTmetrix is a free tool that analyzes your page's speed performance.  Using PageSpeed and YSlow, GTmetrix generates scores for your pages and offers actionable recommendations on how to fix them.
