Drugs.com | Prescription Drug Information, Interactions & Side EffectsSkip to Content
All
All
Consumer
Professional
Pill ID
Interactions
News
FDA Alerts
Approvals
Pipeline
Clinical Trials
Care Notes
Encyclopedia
Dictionary
Natural Products
Browse all medications: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Sign In
DRUGS A-Z
PILL IDENTIFIER
INTERACTIONS CHECKER
NEWS
Q & A
PRO EDITION
APPS
MORE
•
•
•
•
Featured Tool
Worried about drug interactions? Use the Interactions Checker
The drug interactions tool allows you to check for drug-drug and drug-food interactions.
Check Now
Pill Identifier
Identify your medication
Interactions Checker
Check for drug interactions
Medical Transcription
Phonetic search assistant
Drug Information
A to Z Drug List
Drugs by Condition
Drugs by Class
Dosage
Side Effects
Pregnancy Warnings
Harvard Health Guide
Generic Drugs
OTC Database
Inactive Ingredients
Veterinary Drugs
International Drugs
Info en Espa?ol
Pricing & Coupon Guide
Tools
Interactions Checker
Pill Identifier
Symptom Checker
Medication Record
Mobile Apps
Drug Imprint Codes
Forums
Q&A - FAQ
News & Alerts
Medical News
Clinical Trial Results
FDA Drug Alerts
FDA Consumer Updates
New FDA Approvals
New Drug Applications
Drug Shortages
Video Center
Popular Articles
Health & Medication Slideshows
Professionals
Resource Center
Medical Dictionary
Medical Conferences
Patient Care Notes
Top 100 Drugs
Abilify
Acetaminophen
Adderall
Advair
Albuterol
Alprazolam
Ambien
Amitriptyline
Amlodipine
Amoxicillin
Aspirin
Ativan
Atorvastatin
Augmentin
Azithromycin
Baclofen
Benadryl
Escitalopram
Celebrex
Celexa
Cephalexin
Cetirizine
Cialis
Ciprofloxacin
Citalopram
Clindamycin
Clonazepam
Clonidine
Cymbalta
Diazepam
Diclofenac
Dilaudid
Doxycycline
Effexor
Fenofibrate
Flexeril
Fluoxetine
Gabapentin
Hydroxyzine
Ibuprofen
Januvia
Klonopin
Lamictal
Levothyroxine
Lexapro
Lipitor
Lisinopril
Loratadine
Lorazepam
Losartan
Lyrica
Meloxicam
Metformin
Methadone
Metoprolol
Metronidazole
Morphine
Mucinex
Naproxen
Neurontin
Nexium
Norco
Omeprazole
Ondansetron
Oxycodone
Oxycontin
Pantoprazole
Paroxetine
Penicillin
Percocet
Phentermine
Pravastatin
Prednisone
Propranolol
Prozac
Risperdal
Ritalin
Seroquel
Sertraline
Simvastatin
Suboxone
Symbicort
Synthroid
Tamsulosin
Tramadol
Trazodone
Tylenol
Valium
Venlafaxine
Viagra
Vicodin
Vyvanse
Warfarin
Xanax
Xarelto
Zofran
Zoloft
Zolpidem
Zyrtec
More A-K · More L-Z · By Class · UK Medicines
For Consumers
MedFacts Drug Information
Cerner Multum Drug Information
Micromedex® Advanced Consumer
MedFacts Natural Products
For Professionals
FDA Professional Information
A-Z Drug Facts (Facts & Comparisons)
ASHP Monographs (AHFS DI)
Micromedex® Carenotes
MedFacts Natural Products
For Researchers
U.S. Pharmaceutical Sales Statistics
Pharmaceutical Company Directory
Announcements
Physician's Desk Reference (PDR)
Latest FDA New Drug Approvals
Ingrezza
Ingrezza (valbenazine) is a novel, highly-selective VMAT2 inhibitor for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia.
Austedo
Austedo (deutetrabenazine) is a vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor indicated for the treatment of chorea associated with...
Ocrevus
Ocrevus (ocrelizumab) is a humanized monoclonal antibody designed to selectively target CD20-positive B cells, a specific type of immune...
More
Drugs in Development
(Not yet approved)
CTL019
CTL019 (tisagenlecleucel-T) is an investigational chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CAR-T) therapy in development for use in relapsed and...
fostamatinib
Fostamatinib is an investigational oral spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) inhibitor in development for the treatment of patients with chronic...
baricitinib
Baricitinib is an oral selective JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor in development for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
More
Drugs.com is the most popular, comprehensive and up-to-date source of drug information online. Providing free, peer-reviewed, accurate and independent data on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines & natural products.
Posted today in FDA Alerts
Codeine and Tramadol Medicines: Drug Safety Communication - Restricting Use in Children, Recommending Against Use in Breastfeeding Women
ISSUE: FDA is restricting the use of codeine and tramadol medicines in children. These medicines carry serious risks, including slowed or difficult breathing and death, which appear to be a greater risk in children younger than 12 years, and should not be used in these children. These medicines should also be limited in some older children. Single-ingredient...
Posted today in Medical
Health Tip: When Asthma Doesn't Improve
-- If you've followed your asthma treatment plan without improvement, it's time to have a conversation with your doctor. The American Academy of Family Physicians suggests asking: If you could have another illness with similar symptoms. Your doctor may perform additional tests. If there is something environmental that's triggering your symptoms,...
Posted today in Medical
Health Tip: Help Manage Constipation
-- Many lifestyle factors -- such as diet, exercise and fluid intake -- are associated with constipation. To help tame the problem, the Cleveland Clinic recommends: Drink two-to-four cups of water daily. Also drink warm liquids, particularly in the morning. Eat plenty of fruit (such as prunes) and vegetables. Eat bran cereals. Take a fiber supplement. Get...
Posted 3 days ago in New Drug Approvals
FDA Grants Genentech’s Tecentriq (atezolizumab) Accelerated Approval as Initial Treatment for Certain People with Advanced Bladder Cancer
April 17, 2017 -- Genentech, a member of the Roche Group (SIX: RO, ROG; OTCQX: RHHBY), today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted accelerated approval to Tecentriq (atezolizumab) for the treatment of people with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma (mUC) who are not eligible for cisplatin chemotherapy. Tecentriq...
Posted 3 days ago in New Drug Approvals
FDA Approves Genentech’s Lucentis (ranibizumab) for all Forms of Diabetic Retinopathy
April 17, 2017 -- Genentech, a member of the Roche Group (SIX: RO, ROG; OTCQX: RHHBY), today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Lucentis® (ranibizumab injection) 0.3 mg for the monthly treatment of all forms of diabetic retinopathy. The most common cause of vision loss in people with diabetes, diabetic retinopathy is...
Posted 3 days ago in Clinical Trials
OncoMed's Phase 2 Trial of Tarextumab in Small Cell Lung Cancer Does Not Meet Endpoints
OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:OMED), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel anti-cancer stem cell and immuno-oncology therapeutics, today reported top-line results from the company's randomized 145-patient Phase 2 PINNACLE clinical trial of tarextumab (anti-Notch2/3, OMP-59R5) in combination with...
Posted today in Medical
What to Know About Online Dating Sites
If you're looking for love, chances are you'll at least consider -- if not turn to -- online dating sites. But how can you make a successful romantic computer connection? Experts say that one key is picking the right dating sites. First, consider the old adage that you get what you pay for. Free sites may be more appealing to those who are just looking....
Posted today in Medical
Study Cites Factors Linked to Suicide in the Young
Teens and young adults who come from troubled backgrounds have a greater risk of killing themselves, a new study suggests. Kids exposed to suicide in the family, parental mental health disorders and substantial parental criminal behavior had the highest suicide rates, the study found. The findings "emphasize the importance of understanding the social...
Posted today in Medical
Health Highlights: April 20, 2017
Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by the editors of HealthDay: New Anti-Tobacco Measures Proposed in NYC A proposal to boost the base price of a pack of cigarettes from $10.50 to $13 would make cigarettes in New York City the most expensive in the country. Mayor Bill de Blasio announced that and other proposed...
Posted today in Medical
Money Spent on Teen Health a Good Global Investment
Worldwide investments in teen health could yield significant economic returns, a new study contends. "Investing in young people is in everyone's interest," said Babatunde Osotimehin, executive director of the United Nations Population Fund. "A small investment in empowering and protecting the world's over a billion adolescents can bring a 10-fold return,...
Read more news...
Recently added consumer and prescribing information: Ingrezza, Austedo, Ocrevus, Dupixent, Zejula, Symproic, Bavencio, Xadago, Kisqali, Siliq
Posted in Blog
REMS@FDA: An Upgraded Patient Safety Program
REMS Overview Fact: Prescription drugs are complicated, and they are getting more complicated every day. Issues with complex drugs and side effects is not just a concern for the healthcare provider, it directly impacts the patient and caregiver, too. We’ve all heard the long list of adverse effects and warnings that unfold during a primetime […]
Posted in Blog
Drugs.com the First Major Consumer Health Publisher to Implement Full HTTPS Encryption
Drugs.com is pleased to announce the introduction of full HTTPS encryption for all web site visitors. With this significant and important change, nearly 70 million monthly visitors will have access to critical health and medicine information in a safe, secure and private environment. Why HTTPS Encryption? Almost everything you do on the Internet leaves a digital […]
Posted in Blog
Off-Label or Off-Limits? Should You Use A Drug For An Unapproved Use?
Off-Label Drug Use: What Is It? You may be surprised to learn that you have probably been prescribed a medication “off-label” at one point or another by your doctor. Maybe you’ve heard of “off-label” drug use in the news, but what does this really mean? “Off-label” use of a drug refers to prescribing a medication […]
See more blog posts or follow us on twitter.

Sign in to access your account.
Sign in
Not registered?
Recommended Content
UPDATES
Depression: FDA-Approved Medications May Help
Dealing with ADHD: What You Need to Know
Making Decisions for Your Health: Getting the Info You Need
FDA: Cutting-Edge Technology Sheds Light on Antibiotic Resistance
More FDA updates
Drugs.com Mobile Apps
The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices.
Explore Apps
SUPPORT
Help Center
Frequent Questions
Sitemap
Contact Us
ABOUT
About Drugs.com
Advertising Policy
Content Submissions
Drugs.com Blog
TERMS & PRIVACY
Editorial Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Attribution & Citations
Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published.
Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated Mar 2nd, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated Mar 2nd, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated Mar 1st, 2017) and others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy.
Third Party Advertising
We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here
Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com.
All rights reserved.
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on GooglePlus
Email to a friend
Hide   width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0 Prescription drug information and news for professionals and consumers. Search our drug database for comprehensive prescription and patient information on 24,000 drugs online. prescription drug information side effects medicine interactions origin-when-cross-origin Drugs.com | Prescription Drug Information, Interactions & Side Effects https://www.drugs.com/img/social/ddc-facebook-icon.png Drugs.com en_US article Prescription drug information and news for professionals and consumers. Search our drug database for comprehensive prescription and patient information on 24,000 drugs online. https://www.drugs.com/ 12601476162
