Chicago Tribune: Chicago breaking news, sports, business, entertainment, weather and traffic - Chicago TribuneTop news
BREAKING NEWS  
Who fired shot that killed Colin Nutter? Judge to decide after closing arguments
Susan Berger
After a four-day trial and 25 witnesses — including just one for the defense — testimony has concluded in the murder case against Philip Vatamaniuc, who was 17 when he was accused of killing another young man from Highland Park, Colin Nutter.
Philip Vatamaniuc, left, has been charged in connection to the 2013 killing of Colin Nutter.
SCHAUMBURG AREA
Neighbor charged in strangulation, sex assault of Schaumburg woman
CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS
Blackhawks swept by Predators, eliminated from NHL playoffs after 4-1 loss in Game 4
NATION & WORLD
Islamic State claims fatal Paris attack on police officers in Champs-Elysees district
LAKE COUNTY NEWS
U. of I. student who set himself on fire remembered as passionate musician
CHICAGO BEARS
Breaking down the Bears' 2017 schedule
NATIONAL POLITICS
Trump wants to ramp up deportations, but ICE probably won’t be able to keep up
BREAKING NEWS
Widow who sued pharmaceutical firm over husband's suicide awarded $3M
NATION & WORLD
Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested at California commune after month-long disappearance
MultimediaMORE
GREG KOT
Ranking the Rolling Stones: Moments that matter from Navy Pier show
PETS & ANIMALS
Most pet-friendly vacation destinations
FOOD & DINING
Chicago's best Mexican food
DREAM HOMES
West Loop penthouse on Madison: $869,900
FOOD & DINING  
Last days of Chicago’s Fulton Market: Restaurants edge out meatpackers
Fulton Market, that Near West Side meatpacking district that backed the claim to Chicago as "hog butcher for the world," is a ghost town. That Fulton Market is dead. Or about to be.
MORE NEWS
Ex-Boston Celtics player found guilty in Chicago train-guns case
Trump presses GOP to pass health care plan he says 'gets better and better'
New York judge's death was initially called a suicide. Now, police think it's suspicious.
WESTERN SPRINGS NEWS  
Person hit, killed by Metra train near La Grange-Western Springs border: official
Police determined that a 62-year-old woman was killed Thursday by an inbound Metra train on the BNSF line near the La Grange-Western Springs border. Police said that it appears to be a suicide. Thousands of commuters were delayed as a result.
CHICAGO-AREA NEWS
Skokie student reported possibly being target of middle school shooting plot: police
Roskam sends clear message on town halls: 'My opinion has not changed'
Lawsuit: Naperville cops allowed woman to touch, kiss boy in squad car
ERIC ZORN
Rauner flip-flopped on abortion issue because he needs GOP base more in 2018
JOHN KASS
Who wrote 'Killing Bill O'Reilly?' He did, of course.
BREAKING NEWS
Judge in Laquan McDonald case warns against harassing Jason Van Dyke at courthouse: 'This isn't the streets'
ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT
150 North Riverside is most eye-grabbing Chicago skyscraper since Aqua Tower
You know a new building has struck a nerve when people give it nicknames like "The Tuning Fork" or "The Guillotine." Or when the building appears alongside the likes of Willis Tower and Marina City on tour-boat posters that tout a chance to see Chicago's architectural icons.
BREAKING NEWS
Toxic soil at Pullman monument limits use of Chicago's national landmark
BUSINESS
United rolling out cheaper, no-frills fares in new cities
NATION & WORLD
Ann Coulter rejects UC Berkeley's rescheduling, vows to keep original speech date
HEIDI STEVENS
Pregnant tennis star Serena Williams gets served typical mess of career speculation
REAL ESTATE
Baby, meet the building: How new parents, neighbors make it work in the city
HEALTH
2 diets that may help ward off Alzheimer’s
Opinion MORE OPINION
EDITORIALS
Chicago's 'menu' program for aldermen: 50 ways to waste your money
We can't think of a worse way to spend a too-small pool of tax money than to split it into 50 equal parts and let 50 people decide how to use it.
COMMENTARY
The attitudes about sex that doomed Bill O'Reilly hid in plain sight for years
I was once a guest on "The O'Reilly Factor," and it's an episode that still haunts me to this day.
COMMENTARY
Will things only get worse for President Trump?
Without Hilary Clinton in the picture, voters are seeing Donald Trump for who he really is: a dishonest, ineffective president.
STEVE CHAPMAN
Trump blusters and bombs because he doesn't know what else to do
The missile strike in Syria and the giant bomb drop in Afghanistan both amount to an admission of impotence.
Sports MORE SPORTS
CHICAGO BEARS
NFL announces Bears' 2017 schedule
Here’s a snapshot of everything that’s ahead for the Bears in 2017.
CHICAGO BULLS
Dwyane Wade, who can play supporting or lead role, likes Bulls' options
Dwyane Wade: "I want to be up for an Oscar in my supporting role. Jimmy (Butler) is the lead actor here. Myself, (Rajon) Rondo, all those guys, it's our job to support him."
CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS
Blackhawks could dress seven defensemen vs. Predators
Coach Joel Quenneville might be adding a defenseman to his lineup for Game against the Predators. It's possible Michal Kempny might draw in as a seventh defenseman. Quenneville wouldn't confirm any lineup changes but Kempny was in the dressing rooom early after their optional morning skate — a...
SPORTS COLUMNISTS
Avisail Garcia got message, wants to be part of White Sox rebuilding
While Avisail Garcia is eating less, he remains as hungry as ever to succeed in Chicago with the White Sox.
Business MORE BUSINESS
BUSINESS
6 Argo Tea locations in Chicago to go cashless starting Monday
Six Argo Tea locations in Chicago will go cashless Monday, a sign of the growing influence of plastic and mobile ordering at restaurants and retail stores.
BUSINESS
California lettuce shortage hitting Chicago wallets, food banks
Finally, an excuse to not eat your vegetables. A weather-induced shortage of leafy green vegetables in California has jacked up wholesale and retail prices in the Chicago area and throughout the U.S. Items like lettuce, cauliflower, broccoli and celery are selling for significantly more than usual...
BUSINESS
Trump administration launches national security investigation into steel imports
The Trump administration has launched an investigation into whether foreign imports of steel compromise U.S. national security, a step toward fulfilling a campaign promise of cracking down more severely on the unfair trading practices of countries like China. President Donald Trump gathered with...
BUSINESS
At-home genetic test helps pick the right drugs to treat pain, depression
Many people know what it's like to take a medication that's not right for their bodies — painkillers, antidepressants, blood thinners or cancer drugs that cause unexpected side effects or simply don't work. In recent years, science has come up with a possible solution: genetic tests that can show...
Chicago dining
MORE DINING
Breakfast With Ina: 3 hotels that serve excellent breakfast
5 things to eat, drink, do this weekend
16 Russian River pinots that will set you back but deliver for the cost
Entertainment MORE ENTERTAINMENT
THEATER LOOP
Disney's 'Aladdin' is more grounded as it launches tour in Chicago
The gleaming white teeth of Adam Jacobs have done many sparkly trips around the rialto since their owner opened on Broadway atop "Aladdin," the most frenetic and intentionally cartoonish of Disney's screen-to-stage translations. That means Jacobs and his enviable molars — both moved to that hit...
TELEVISION
Ousted by Fox, Bill O'Reilly leaves a legacy of infuriating and influencing America and the news media
In a farewell segment to recently fired host Bill O’Reilly, “The Late Show’s” Stephen Colbert thanked the former Fox News star. He had, after all, inspired the “conservative gasbag” character that Colbert rode to fame on “The Colbert Report.” “I owe a lot to Bill O’Reilly,” Colbert said Wednesday....
MOVIES
'The Lost City of Z' review: Charlie Hunnam leads Amazon expedition in spellbinding drama
"The English go native very easily," explorer Percy Fawcett once wrote, speaking on behalf of himself, T.E. Lawrence and an entire sociological and literary tradition steeped in the sun never setting on the British Empire. "There is no disgrace in it. On the contrary, in my opinion it shows a creditable...
COMEDY
Jay Leno's stale set at Rosemont Theatre still has Bill Clinton jokes
At the end of last year I saw Jerry Seinfeld perform an unfortunately unimpressive and dated set at the Chicago Theatre. I was especially struck not just by how lackluster Seinfeld's presence was but, in a time when comedians are constantly evolving and rolling out new material, by how old the...
Photos
MORE PHOTOS
MOVIES
Latest movie reviews
CHICAGO CUBS
April 20, 1916: Cubs play 1st home game at Weeghman Park...
CHICAGO CUBS
Cubs' Bricks and Ivy Ball charity event
VINTAGE PHOTOS
Belvidere tornado of 1967
LIFE & STYLE
Baby animals from around the world
Life & Style MORE LIFE & STYLE
HEALTH
A protein from umbilical cords could revitalize memory in an aging brain
You leave your car in a vast, crowded parking lot, and when you return, you have no idea where it is. The ensuing search is frustrating, time-consuming and a little embarrassing. That experience occurs more frequently as we get older, because the functions of the part of the brain that encodes...
BOOKS
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Scott Turow, Amy Dickinson to appear at Printers Row Lit Fest
Prize-winning writers, a U.S. senator and a record-setting All-Star basketball player are among the authors scheduled to appear at this year's Printers Row Lit Fest. The festival will be June 10 and 11 in the historic Printers Row neighborhood in Chicago's South Loop. In a break with tradition,...
TRAVEL
Santa Fe Margarita Trail raises the bar for tasty tequila
If a restaurant's parking lot is typically full, then the food inside is typically good. That rule of thumb certainly applies at Maria's New Mexican Kitchen. And while deciding what to eat can be tough — everything from green chile meatballs to tamales is offered — deciding what to drink is even...
LIFE & STYLE
Why I decided to keep my baby's gender to myself
Keeping my baby's gender to myself throughout the entire pregnancy first occurred to me in Pottery Barn Kids. It was, as Pottery Barn tends to be, well-manicured in ways the world outside could never hope to be. The store was split down the middle, half for girls, half for boys. On the left were...
Editorial Partners
CHICAGONOW
It's alright to be greedy, Cubs fans
METROMIX
Restaurants near Wrigley Field
METROMIX
Our favorite patios for spring
CHICAGONOW
Ways you can help during Autism Awareness Month
CHICAGONOW
Brace yourself for 8 years of Donald Trump
Blue Sky MORE FROM BLUE SKY
TECHNOLOGY
Why it matters that Google Home can now identify you by voice
Smart home hubs are continuing to evolve, and Google just added a pretty important feature to its own hub, the Google Home. Previously, Home only linked up to the account of whomever set it up first. Now, the device will be able to handle multiple accounts and tell who's speaking to it, offering...
TECHNOLOGY
Silicon Valley's $400 Juicero juicer may be feeling the squeeze
One of the most lavishly funded gadget startups in Silicon Valley last year was Juicero Inc. It makes a juice machine. The product was an unlikely pick for top technology investors, but they were drawn to the idea of an internet-connected device that transforms single-serving packets of chopped...
BLUE SKY ORIGINALS
How these event gurus handle crazy highs and quiet lows
When you go to live entertainment events, you want to be wowed — and show sponsors want to be connected and relevant to your experience. That’s the focus of the new Henry agency, says Elena Sotomayor, executive vice president of the new cultural branding division, which is part of event marketing...
TECHNOLOGY
This is Facebook's plan to get ahead of Snapchat
Snapchat beat Facebook in realizing the smartphone camera could do more than document memories. It could be a form of entertainment itself, letting users swap faces with friends or bring 3-D cartoons to life in the living room. But despite his admittedly late start, Facebook Chief Executive Mark...
Travel Deals
VIEW ALL DEALS
7-night Transatlantic cruise on Queen Mary 2 for $579 - from Travelzoo VIEW OFFER
10-night Uluru, Sydney & Port Douglas trip with air for $2999 - from Travelzoo VIEW OFFER
Portland Spring travel savings for $114 & up - from Travelzoo VIEW OFFER
RedEye MORE TO EAT. DRINK. DO.
ARTS & CULTURE
15 events you don't want to miss at C2E2 this weekend
There are more than 200 events across the three days of Chicago Comic & Entertainment Expo (C2E2), so there’s no way you could do it all. We picked 15 events that caught our eye, from celebrity spotlights to drawing workshops. Geek out! Friday MARVEL: Breaking Into Comics the Marvel Way 11 a.m....
ARTS & CULTURE
Catching up with the original 'Mighty Morphin Power Rangers'
In case you haven’t noticed, relics from the ‘90s are super in right now—everything from chokers to skater dresses to movie remakes of your childhood favorites. Right now, for instance, you can watch “Mighty Morphin Power Rangers” resurrected on the big screen in surprisingly-well-received form...
BARS
Best Chicago happy hour deals: April 20-26
Here’s where to drink on a budget in Chicago this week. Thursday, April 20 Shop ethically made clothing and accessories while enjoying complimentary light bites and champagne from 6-8 p.m. at Mod + Ethico (27 N. Morgan St. 312-854-9787). The West Loop boutique will also be doling out gift bags....
ARTS & CULTURE
5 things to do in Chicago this weekend
From doing your environmental duty on Earth Day to throwing on a cosplay costume for C2E2, here's what we're up to this weekend.  GO SHORT TREE, IT’S YOUR EARTH DAY Show your support for the planet on Earth Day this Saturday, April 22. The eco-friendly holiday is the perfect time to give back to...
Most read stories this hour
ASK AMY BY AMY DICKINSON
Exhausted mother deserves husband's support
Dear Amy: I am a married mother of a 2-year-old and a 5-month-old baby. My husband and I are both professionals, and I am currently on parental leave. My husband's is the "primary" career in the house, and he earns a lot more than I do. I am happy taking care of my little ones, but I am still getting...
HINSDALE NEWS
New Notre Dame priest coming with wife and children
The Rev. David Medow won't be coming alone when he transfers in June to Notre Dame Catholic Church from Mary Immaculate Parish in Plainfield. Medow is one of an estimated 150 to 200 married Roman Catholic priests nationwide, he said. The 59-year-old Chicago native also has two grown children. "My...
LAKE COUNTY NEWS
U. of I. student who set himself on fire remembered as passionate musician
The rooftop of the University of Illinois' performing arts center apparently was significant to the student from Gurnee who killed himself there early Wednesday morning. It was the place where he performed as a member of the Hindsley Symphonic Band, one of five concert bands that perform at the...
CHICAGO BEARS
NFL announces Bears' 2017 schedule
On the heels of three consecutive last-place finishes in the NFC North, the Bears have nowhere to go but up in 2017. And in Year 3 of the John Fox era, up they must go. In the history of the franchise, no head coach has ever survived three consecutive losing seasons. So with that as a bar, it sure...
SCHAUMBURG AREA
Neighbor charged in strangulation, sex assault of Schaumburg woman, police say
A neighbor of the 33-year-old woman found strangled in her Schaumburg apartment on Easter Sunday has been charged in the slaying, officials said. Bulmaro Mejia-Maya, 29, who was arrested Wednesday in Jacksonville, Fla., was charged with first-degree murder, home invasion and aggravated criminal...
CHICAGO BEARS
Breaking down the Bears' 2017 schedule
Time to free up your fall Sundays. And a Monday night. And a Thursday and Saturday too. The NFL's regular-season schedule was released Thursday night, giving the Bears their itinerary for 16 games. So how difficult is the Bears' road? What are the most intriguing pockets on the schedule? What early...
FOOD & DINING
Last days of Chicago’s Fulton Market: Restaurants edge out meatpackers
Fulton Market, that sketchy old smelly neighborhood that (along with the Union Stockyards to the south) gave Chicago its big shoulders, that Near West Side meatpacking district that backed Carl Sandburg's claim to Chicago as "hog butcher for the world," that food-processing antiquity that outlasted...
NATION & WORLD
Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested at California commune after month-long disappearance
A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. Health sciences teacher Tad Cummins surrendered to sheriff's deputies without...
CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS
Blackhawks swept by Predators, eliminated from NHL playoffs after 4-1 loss in Game 4
The Blackhawks’ season is over. The Nashville Predators shocked the Hawks by sweeping them in the first round of the playoffs, with the clincher a 4-1 victory in Game 4 on Thursday night at Bridgestone Arena. Pekka Rinne continued his domination in goal by making 30 saves to again lead his team...
BREAKING NEWS
Widow who sued pharmaceutical firm over husband's suicide awarded $3M
A Glencoe woman hugged her attorneys after a jury in Chicago awarded her $3 million Thursday in a lawsuit against a pharmaceutical company that she blamed for her husband's suicide. "We won!" she mouthed to one of her lawyers. Wendy Dolin's husband, Stewart, stepped in front of a CTA Blue Line train...
COMMENTARY
Will things only get worse for Donald Trump?
President Donald Trump managed to get elected without a popular-vote majority and without positive favorable ratings because he successfully stoked Clinton Derangement Syndrome. In retrospect, it's stunning that he managed to convince voters that Hillary Clinton was the more corrupt, dishonest...
JOHN KASS
Who wrote 'Killing Bill O'Reilly?' He did, of course.
That new best-seller, "Killing Bill O'Reilly," is out now, with millions poring over the salacious details — the story of a powerful geezer with a wattle chin who thought he was a sexy beast and was finally brought low. But Bill O'Reilly was not a sexy beast, was he? O'Reilly was an old man with...
NORTHBROOK LOCAL SPORTS
Glenbrook North swimmer learns to walk again after beach accident
Glenbrook North senior Tural Erel remembers his first thoughts in the emergency room last summer following a beach accident that left him paralyzed from the neck down. First, he asked the doctor if he was going to be OK. Then, he asked if he'd be able to compete for the Spartans boys swimming team...
COMMENTARY
The attitudes about sex that doomed Bill O'Reilly hid in plain sight for years
For years when I was growing up, Fox News was the soundtrack of my family home. I'm convinced my father slept with it on so he could sublimely absorb more Sean Hannity, Bill O'Reilly and friends. So my parents were thrilled in August 2002 when producers from "The O'Reilly Factor" called to book...
BROADWAY
'Hello, Dolly!' on Broadway: All stand for Bette Midler
As the redoubtable Bette Midler seamlessly transitioned from the perils of a chronic onstage coughing fit to the received joy of yet another standing ovation the other night, United Airlines flew into my mind. That beleaguered corporation has been the subject of such opprobrium because it lacks...
SOUTHTOWN NEWS
Barbers in Wade's childhood community have mixed views on Bulls
Light streamed through the windows and warmed the white walls of Mello's Barbershop in Robbins. The three barbers sat in an empty shop Thursday. Business was slow the week after Easter, they said. Years ago, Chicago Bulls star Dwyane Wade got his hair cut at Mello's, from when he was small all...
JOHN KASS
North Korea, Kim Jong Un and the Chicago way
There are many complicated theories on what to do about North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un. He's that crazy little fat guy with nukes and daddy issues who wants to strap his thermonuclear devices to long-range missiles that just might start World War III. Thermonuclear war tends to bother many people...
NATIONAL POLITICS
Trump presses GOP to pass health care plan he says 'gets better and better'
President Donald Trump is pushing Congress toward another dramatic showdown over the Affordable Care Act, despite big outstanding obstacles to a beleaguered revision plan and a high-stakes deadline next week to keep the government running. The fresh pressure from the White House to pass a revision...
BREAKING NEWS
Illinois lawmakers ponder proposal to legalize marijuana
As the czar of Colorado's marijuana program, Barbara Brohl says she is neither pro- nor anti-pot. But she believes the legal market for the drug is eating into the black market, funding drug abuse treatment and prevention and providing a safer product. The roughly $200 million in tax revenue from...
LAKE COUNTY NEWS
U. of I. student from Gurnee sets himself on fire at school's Krannert Center
A University of Illinois student from Gurnee committed suicide by setting himself on fire early Wednesday morning at the campus' performing arts center, according to the Champaign County coroner. By the time emergency personnel arrived, the 21-year-old man had severe burns on his entire body and...
WESTERN SPRINGS NEWS
Person hit, killed by Metra train near La Grange-Western Springs border, official says
Travel on the Burlington Northern Santa Fe line resumed Thursday several hours after a pedestrian was struck by an inbound Metra train on the BNSF line near the La Grange-Western Springs border, officials said.Police determined that a 62-year-old woman was killed and that it appears to be a suicide,...
BUSINESS COLUMNISTS
Anger over passenger dragging has business flyers taking on United, airlines
An influential group of road warriors, better known as business travelers, is joining a push to stop the giant domestic air carriers from systemically mistreating and demeaning passengers — another consequence of United Airlines' recent customer service debacle. Yes, even these hard-boiled and experienced...
BASKETBALL
Ex-Boston Celtics player found guilty in Chicago train-guns case
A former player for the Boston Celtics has been found guilty of receiving guns that were stolen off a freight train in Chicago. A federal jury on Thursday found Nate Driggers guilty of being a convicted felon in possession of stolen guns. Prosecutors accused the 43-year-old Driggers of being a...
TECHNOLOGY
Why it matters that Google Home can now identify you by voice
Smart home hubs are continuing to evolve, and Google just added a pretty important feature to its own hub, the Google Home. Previously, Home only linked up to the account of whomever set it up first. Now, the device will be able to handle multiple accounts and tell who's speaking to it, offering...
CLOUT STREET
Chicago aldermen revolt at watchdog's idea to take away street paving money
City Hall's top watchdog on Thursday took aim at a program treasured by aldermen, recommending the city stop letting each of them control $1.3 million a year spent on construction projects in their wards, but the idea was swiftly rejected by Mayor Rahm Emanuel's administration and City Council...
SPORTSBREAKINGEAT.DRINK.DO.TRENDINGOPINIONSUBURBSENTERTAINMENT
55°
Get 8 weeks FREE
Hurry, offer ends 4/30
START FREE TRIAL   noodp, noydir app-id=383137151, app-argument=http://www.chicagotribune.com/sectionfront/ 133508396112 website Chicago Tribune: Your source for Chicago breaking news, sports, business, entertainment, weather and traffic Chicago news, Chicago weather, Chicago traffic, Chicago entertainment, Chicago business, Chicago Tribune 5953023255 306836229411287 http://www.trbimg.com/img-56f02a81/turbine/chi-default-open-graph-ct-logo/1200/1200x650 600 width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, minimum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=no i18prod-0f22577-0-217.1
