Quartz — News, videos, ideas, and obsessions from the new global economyOBSESSIONS
OUR PICKS
LATEST
POPULAR
PRIORITIES
“Mission-driven” leaders are losing their mystique
FOOD FIGHT
The upstart trying to displace Heinz ketchup just got bought by one of the world’s biggest food companies
INACTION CAMERA
GoPro made a very risky bet in announcing its new camera
ALL YOUR DATA BELONG TO US
Does Russia need Twitter more than Twitter needs Russia?
SPONSOR CONTENT BY GOVERNMENT OF JAPAN
Japanese companies have created 840,000 American jobs
TAKING INITIATIVE
The 15-minute weekly habit that eased my work anxiety—and made my boss trust me more
The key is to manage up.
April 20, 2017

qz.com
Good morning, Quartz readers!
WHAT TO WATCH FOR TODAY AND OVER THE WEEKEND
Mike Pence journeys down under. The US vice president will meet with Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull amid protests against the US-Australia military alliance. Relations have been tense since Donald Trump slammed Turnbull’s refugee resettlement program in a February phone call.
"The @qz daily brief is my news lifeblood. I've basically given up on all other news sites. So good."
— Michael Janiak
GOOD MORNING!
The Quartz Daily Brief is the most important and interesting news from around the world, in your inbox.
Subscribe
Please also keep me updated about new Quartz products and events.
CHART OF THE MOMENT
Explore more charts and data on Atlas
London’s property boom has claimed another victim: its iconic pubs
Quartz Index
ECONOMICS
London has fewer jobs at risk of being automated than the rest of the UK
ECONOMICS
Millennials in the US are not extreme job-hoppers—some even have more stable careers than their parents
ECONOMICS
Foreign tourists spend four times more money in New York City than Americans
Quartz India
Not just “IT coolies”: An Indian computer scientist helped build an alternative programming language in Bengaluru
Julia Computing's Viral Shah co-created a brand new language while living in Bengaluru.
Maria Thomas
Quartz Africa
African governments have a new way of controlling the media—starve them of ad revenue
National governments remain the single largest source of revenue for news organizations in Africa.
George Ogola
NEWS IN A WHOLE NEW WAY
Check out our app for Android and iPhone. It’s an ongoing conversation about the news. We think you’ll love it.
Send
Standard messaging rates may apply
Shoes made from plastic bottles
MAX TOOMEY
Shoes made from plastic bottles
0:000:00
More of our recent stories
NO NEED TO SWEAT IT
Indian millennials don’t seem very worried about losing their jobs to machines
India’s youth is confident that it’s ready take on the automation trend. According to a new survey of more than 1,000 young professionals, most millennials…
Machines with Brains
Ananya Bhattacharya
50 mins ago
ALL ACCESS
The internet shutdown in English-speaking parts of Cameroon is finally over
After a 93-day blackout, internet service has been restored to English-speaking regions in Cameroon. President Paul Biya ordered the restoration of internet services in the…
The Next Billion
Yomi Kazeem
5 hours ago
Google wants , , and samples from 10,000 people for a massive medical study
Google and its sister company, Verily, are taking a classic medical research study design and giving it a Silicon Valley spin. The companies, along with…
Dave Gershgorn
6 hours ago
WHERE THERE'S A WILL
Quantum computing could make the encryption behind every internet transaction obsolete—someday
Two basic types of encryption schemes are used on the internet today. One, known as symmetric-key cryptography, follows the same pattern that people have been…
Joshua Holden
7 hours ago
QUALITY CHECK
Fewer than 5% of engineers trained in India are cut out for high-skill programming jobs
When considering Indian engineering talent, quantity trumps quality. Indian universities may be churning out the world’s largest engineering population, but the graduates’ skills levels aren’t…
Ananya Bhattacharya
7 hours ago
YOUNG BLOOD
Scientists are getting close to reversing age-related memory loss with young blood
Blood from umbilical cords may be medicine’s fountain of youth—at least for mice. The blood from the cord that connects fetuses to their mothers during…
Life as Laboratory
Katherine Ellen Foley
April 20, 2017
21ST CENTURY WORKPLACE
The Murdochs had to fire Bill O’Reilly to avoid losing another generation of talented female employees
Sexual harassment from an employee is unacceptable. That’s an uncontroversial statement in 2017, one that nearly every modern company would agree with. But at 21st…
Glass
Oliver Staley
April 20, 2017
RARE DECISIONS
Apple wants to try to “stop mining the Earth altogether” to make your iPhone
Apple just announced that it plans to stop relying on mined rare earth minerals and metals to make their products, and instead use only recycled…
Zoë Schlanger
April 20, 2017
SMOKING IN BABYLON
Marijuana is a sacred plant with holy powers in this Abrahamic faith that celebrates 4/21—not 4/20
Rastafarianism is a religion, an idea, a sociopolitical movement, and an international pop culture phenomenon. For adherents, it’s a black-power Abrahamic faith with a reverence…
Sourced
Ephrat Livni
April 20, 2017
HEAVY METAL
Is the US suffering a dangerous steel shortage? Donald Trump wants to know!
The White House has called for an investigation into whether the US is in peril due to an over-dependence on foreign steel. The move could…
"America First"
Tim Fernholz
April 20, 2017
DO THE RIGHT THING
Silicon Valley’s finest are finally developing a code of ethics
Resistance begins at home. For Silicon Valley, that means transforming an unprecedented protest movement against US President Donald Trump’s young presidency into something more than…
Michael J. Coren
April 20, 2017
PAY TO PROTECT
More and more fossil fuel companies support a carbon tax—here’s a running list
“Climate change is no longer a matter of science,” a coal company executive recently told me. “It is a political and social reality.” Even though…
Energy Shocks
Akshat Rathi
April 20, 2017
Powered by WordPress.com VIP   width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, user-scalable=0, minimum-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0 Quartz black noodp,noydir IE=Edge 3cc1017cee1d #000000 Fm_AozADu13Rytwyc4XvQo_081WOanaXLa6xKd8dUgc 4B2AFFFDBF9736993D778515CB307FAF Quartz is a guide to the new global economy for people in business who are excited by change. We cover business, economics, markets, finance, technology, science, design, and fashion. Quartz,QZ,qz.com,Quartz,QZ,qz.com,news,latest,popular,trending,world news,business,finance,politics,design,science,technology,obsessions,next billion,sea,space,haiku,markets,economics,global, Quartz website https://app.qz.com/img/qz_og_img.png https://qz.com Quartz is a digitally native news outlet for the new global economy. en_US Quartz summary Quartz https://app.qz.com/img/qz_og_img.png https://qz.com Quartz is a digitally native news outlet for the new global economy. @qz WordPress.com Quartz width=device-width;height=device-height Quartz is a digitally native news outlet for the new global economy. name=Subscribe;action-uri=https://qz.com/feed/;icon-uri=https://secure.gravatar.com/blavatar/7fd9e2ee486de5ce0c713891ec823ea6?s=16 Shoes made from plastic bottles Meet Rothy's, the shoe that's made from plastic bottles. https://qzprod.files.wordpress.com/2017/04/bottleshoes-film-strip0000.jpg?quality=80&strip=all&w=800 https://player.vimeo.com/external/211487000.hd.mp4?s=3e5aebb2d6e65ebfb483dfa068b116821efe2d5c&profile_id=174 2017-04-08T07:30:13.000Z
