Home | Daily Mail Online      Home
News
U.S.
Sport
TV&Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Fashion Finder
Latest headlines
World News
You mag
Event
Books
Promos
Rewards
Mail Shop
Property
Motoring
Columnists
Discounts
Login
Cookie Policy Feedback
DailyMail
Wednesday, Apr 19th 2017 10PM  8°C
1AM  3°C
5-Day Forecast
  Home
Last updated: 18:39 BST, 19 April 2017
Kate's show of support: Dressed-down Duchess hosts a reception for Heads Together Marathon runners at Kensington Palace
Kate, 35, hosted a reception for the athletes who will be running for Heads Together, the mental health campaign she has spearheaded alongside the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry. The Duchess, dressed down in a striped top from Luisa Spagnoli and trainers, also unveiled the first of 70 Royal Mail postboxes which will be wrapped with Heads Together headbands along the 26.2-mile route. During the reception, Kate chatted to runners training for the Marathon about their reasons for taking part and wished them luck with their final preparations (top and bottom right). The runners also took part in a training session with endurance coach Nick Anderson.
308 comments
2 videos
98 shares
'The Flying Bum' - the world's biggest airliner - 'nosedives into a field' after breaking free from its moorings just months after crashing on test flight
The £25 million Airlander 10, which is part plane and part airship, fell forward in the field in Bedfordshire after the ropes tying the back of the aircraft to the ground came loose.
336 comments
2 videos
426 shares
Theresa May hits the campaign trail in Brexit battleground of Bolton just hours after the Commons hands her a massive majority for June's snap election
MPs voted by a massive margin of 522 to 13 to call the early election, well over the two-thirds majority needed to overcome the Fixed Term Parliaments Act.
1.7k comments
1 video
296 shares
Theresa May hints at mass clearout of Cameron's legacy: PM refuses to say 'tens of thousands' immigration target and foreign aid spending pledge will be in manifesto 
Sturgeon vows an SNP victory in Scotland in June WILL be a mandate to rip up the UK as she threatens a coalition with Labour to try to drive May out of No 10
Click through today in pictures
Victoria receives OBE at Buckingham Palace
Beckham
Williams
Jenner
Groom-to-be is caught taking a selfie at the wheel after police spot the reflection in his SUNGLASSES in a tweet - and vow to send him a '£200 fine and six points' as a wedding gift
The photo was shared from the Twitter account @geordie_aviator celebrating the fact he was getting married the following day, but Northumbria Police took a dim view.
316 comments
31 shares
Why you should avoid the roast beef and how to get a FREE sandwich: Employee reveals Subway secrets
An anonymous Subway employee asked Reddit users to ask him anything about the chain - and he went on to lift the lid on the fast food giant, claiming he uses 'dirty' chopping boards to prepare food.
545 comments
120 shares
BREAKING NEWS: Chaos for thousands of commuters as London's Euston station is completely CLOSED through rush-hour due to a trackside fire 
The blaze next to the track near South Hampstead triggered a power cut and has affected customers on Midland, Virgin and Southern trains, connecting the hub with large areas of the country.
30 comments
14 shares
Serena's pregnant! Tennis star Williams, 35, shows off her bump... but she was expecting when she won the Australian Open?
Serena Williams is pregnant with her first baby. The tennis star, 35, made the announcement on Wednesday where she showed off her pregnant belly on Snapchat. Williams wore a yellow swimsuit and said she was 20 weeks along. The athlete is engaged to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian, 33.
364 comments
1 video
3.8k shares
Police arrest man, 30, on suspicion of murder after a pensioner died in a suspected road rage attack following a crash between a motorbike and a car
Officers from Derbyshire Police were called to a collision between a motorbike and a car at around 9pm on Tuesday. A 74-year-old man was taken to hospital, where he later died.
11 shares
'Recluse armed with an axe and knife' suffers serious burns when a gas blast rips through his suburban home 'as bailiffs try to evict him'
Police had been called to a disturbance at the property in a tree-lined suburban street in Haringey when the explosion went off.
231 comments
1 video
35 shares
The single biggest mistake EVERY job seeker makes (and it's holding you back from landing your dream career)
According to the experts at Career Girl Daily, job seekers are making one major mistake when it comes to their application - and it's holding them back from getting their dream role.
259 comments
47 shares
Surgeon who cut off four-year-old's penis while carrying out circumcision as the boy's father took photographs is CLEARED of negligence 
The child had turned towards his father when the surgeon sliced through his penis which then fell to the floor of the operating room in Geneva, Switzerland.
113 comments
150 shares
Posh at the Palace: Victoria Beckham declares she's 'proud to be British' as she receives an OBE from Prince William in front of her delighted husband
Victoria Beckham has received an OBE for her contribution to fashion from the Duke of Cambridge in an investiture ceremony at London's Buckingham Palace.  The Spice Girl turned fashion designer, who celebrated her 43rd birthday on Monday, received the award on Wednesday - more than 13 years after her husband, former England captain David Beckham, was granted the same title for his services to football.
3.9k comments
3 videos
8.1k shares
'You're a joke Virgin Trains': Ex-Manchester United star Gary Neville rants on Twitter after missing his train because a guard refused to sell him a replacement ticket
Former England defender Gary Neville has blasted Virgin a 'joke' after a ticket mix-up at London Euston meant he missed his train to Manchester Piccadilly.
185 comments
12 shares
Man who lost his wallet at a festival 14 YEARS ago finally discovers who found it - and that they've been holding a drinking challenge in his honour ever since
London-based journalist, Tim Burrows, lost his wallet at Reading festival back in 2003 and this week received a message on Facebook from the men who found it.
64 comments
16 shares
A real blast from the past! Siblings recreate their most cringe-worthy childhood photos years after they were taken - with laugh-out-loud results 
The brothers and sisters in these pictures have embraced their every bad haircut and ill-fitting outfit to perfectly recreate their most embarrassing family snaps as adults. Compiled by Bored Panda, the photos include (clockwise from top left) brothers who revisited their youthful brush with dungarees and bowl cuts, grown-up siblings who squeezed back into the bathtub for a picture, a father who can still lift up his son as an adult, and brothers happy to don short shorts again.
223 comments
624 shares
Disgraced NFL star and convicted killer Aaron Hernandez kills himself in prison just days after he was acquitted of double murder
Police found former NFL star Aaron Hernandez hanging in his cell  at Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts, on Wednesday morning.
686 comments
2 videos
6.8k shares
Mother-of-four, 36, killed herself after she lost custody of her children when she was wrongly accused of having sex with an underage boy
Support worker Sheila Griffin, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was acquitted of sex charges, but her children had moved in with their father and she had to fight him for contact.
220 comments
411 shares
Talented British motorsport driver, 17, loses both legs below the knee after a horror smash that saw him trapped in the wreckage for 90 minutes
British Formula 4 driver Billy Monger suffered horrific leg injuries when he crashed into a fellow competitor during a championship race at the Donington Park track in Leicestershire.
9 comments
share
'We saved thousands, covered the shivering... and counted the dead': Photographer's heartbreaking stint on migrant rescue ship spent pulling people from the sea - including the dead
Reuters journalist Darrin Zammit Lupi has been on the Phoenix, a migrant rescue ship in the Mediterranean operated by Malta-based MOAS, since April 1.
7 comments
8 shares
MAY'S SNAP GENERAL ELECTION ON JUNE 8
  Sturgeon vows an SNP victory in Scotland in June WILL be a mandate to rip up the UK as she threatens a coalition with Labour to try to drive May out of No 10
Nicola Sturgeon has insisted a victory for the SNP in Scotland at the snap general election will be a mandate for a new Scottish independence referendum. The SNP leader slammed Theresa May's u-turn in calling the election but insisted it was an opportunity to prove the case for a new poll. The Scottish First Minister also claimed today she would be prepared to work with Labour after the election to lock the Tories out of No 10 - but admitted it looked unlikely there would be enough Labour MPs to make it work. Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson earlier claimed 'peak Nat has passed' as the Tories set their sights on winning a clutch of Scottish constituencies at the snap general election.
2.3k comments
1 video
354 shares
George Osborne QUITS as an MP to 'fight for the Britain I love' as editor of the Evening Standard editor but his announcement MISSED the paper's print deadline
George Osborne has revealed he will quit Parliament to 'fight for that Britain that I love' as Evening Standard editor.
1.1k comments
1 video
395 shares
'Tell Bunter to watch what he's saying': Top No 10 aide Fiona Hill in furious spat with Sky's Adam Boulton after he suggests PM could be seriously ill
The broadcaster's editor at large commented on air that Mrs May could be on the brink of announcing her resignation minutes before she unveiled a snap election.
272 comments
1 video
39 shares
John Bercow will stand to be Speaker AGAIN after snap election despite Tory attempts to remove him  
By tradition, Mr Bercow will stand for re-election in Buckingham without contest from any of the major parties.
68 comments
32 shares
Now arch-Remainer Gina Miller launches £10,000 election tour urging people to vote against 'extreme Brexit'
The businesswoman and former model has stepped up her campaign after Theresa May dramatically announced a snap poll.
174 comments
1.1k shares
'I am clueless about Clacton' - millionaire Ukip donor Arron Banks admits he knows nothing about the seaside town where he hopes to become MP in the snap election 
The insurance tycoon has declared he will run against his one time Ukip colleague turned bitter rival Douglas Carswell in Clacton on June 8.
176 comments
11 shares
Is Strictly star Ed Balls plotting his return to Westminster? Speculation is growing that the former Labour attack dog minister could fight to win back his place in the House of Commons 
The former shadow chancellor was a shock casualty of the 2015 vote, but he has won over a new legion of fans through his wacky performances on the BBC dance show.
187 comments
19 shares
Theresa May hints at mass clearout of Cameron's legacy: PM refuses to say 'tens of thousands' immigration target and foreign aid spending pledge will be in manifesto 
The Prime Minister denied she was seeking a 'blank cheque' from voters in the impending snap election as she dodged questions about her platform. Asked about Mr Cameron's target of bringing net annual inflows below 100,000, she merely insisted she wanted numbers at 'sustainable levels' and stressed she had spent six years as Home Secretary fighting to reduce them. She has also declined to say whether the Conservatives will repeat promises to spend 0.7 per cent of our national income - £13billion a year - on foreign aid, and keep the 'triple lock' on state pension increases.
1.7k comments
1 video
78 shares
Believe it or not, the Tories could grab Scottish seats: CHRIS DEERIN explains how the election will answer the two questions on which the survival of the Union depends
This will be the Brexit general election - everywhere apart from Scotland, that is. North of the border, the campaign will largely be fought over a second referendum on breaking up the UK.
1.1k comments
2 videos
279 shares
Christian Lib Dem leader Tim Farron finally says he doesn't think being gay is a sin after Bake Off star Sue Perkins slams him for refusing to clarify his views on homosexuality 
This afternoon, during a debate in the Commons, Tory MP Nigel Evans, who is gay, asked Mr Farron (pictured), 46, whether he thought being gay was a sin. He replied: 'I do not.'
577 comments
1 video
496 shares
People earning over £70,000 are 'rich' and we will make them pay more tax, vows Labour's John McDonnell
On what is effectively the first day of the election campaign, Mr McDonnell said Labour would create a 'fairer' system - hinting that could include a new tax band.
631 comments
75 shares
More woe for Corbyn as ANOTHER Labour MP quits before election and ex-leader Kinnock warns he won't live to see the party in power again
Iain Wright, chair of the business committee, announced that he will not be fighting for re-election to his Hartlepool seat on June 8.
169 comments
32 shares
Theresa May says she stands by ALL her Conservative MPs amid calls for politicians under police investigation over their election expenses to be blocked from standing in the snap poll
The Prime Minister dismissed claims it would be 'squalid' to allow MPs under investigation to stand in the snap General Election on June 8.
48 comments
6 shares
The British economy could enjoy an INVESTMENT BOOST thanks to the snap General Election, according to an independent think-tank
The Centre for Economics and Business Research (Cebr) said a Tory victory on June 8 could bolster economic and political stability, encouraging investment and fueling growth.
12 comments
1 share
Do you back 'Brenda from Bristol'? Fed-up voters agree with pensioner's withering 'Not another one' response to Theresa May's snap election 
Brenda from Bristol (inset) was hailed as 'the voice of the nation' after a video of her exasperated reaction to finding out there would be a general election went viral. Theresa May shocked the UK yesterday when she announced voters will go to the polls yet again, this time on June 8, despite previously denying she planned to hold an early vote. A television interview of 'Brenda from Bristol' proved a hit on social media as she protested that 'there's too much politics' and the electorate should be given a break. MailOnline hit the streets of London with a clip of the video and most people seemed to agree with Brenda and are fed up with the number of elections in recent years. Mitchell Quelch (top right) was stunned at the announcement and said the vote was 'needless', while John Rose (bottom left) admitted the UK has had too many elections in recent years. Pictured (top left) is David Boyle and (bottom right) Sarah Burrell.
324 comments
2 videos
39 shares
I'm with Brenda from Bristol - I've had a bellyful of elections! RICHARD LITTLEJOHN's dreading seven weeks of wall-to-wall politicking, opinion polls and Question Time specials 
Brenda from Bristol spoke for Britain. Ambushed on her doorstep by a reporter seeking reaction to Theresa May's decision to call a General Election, Brenda said: 'You're joking! Not another one?'
553 comments
1 video
161 shares
History beckons: This election gives Mrs May the chance to do what every Conservative leader since Churchill has dreamed of - putting an end to Labour for ever, writes PETER OBORNE
Though it may have taken some time, Theresa May has finally woken up and seen sense, writes PETER OBORNE. She had repeatedly ruled out even the possibility of calling a General Election.
1k comments
1 video
265 shares
Tory former minister Nick Boles says he will stand for re-election after winning his battle against cancer
The MP for Grantham and Stamford had previously said he was unsure if he would stand again after enduring gruelling treatment for non Hodgkin's lymphoma.
22 comments
6 shares
The BBC looks set to join ITV and DEFY Theresa May by holding televised election debates - despite PM's insistence she will not take part
The move raises the prospect that Mrs May could be 'empty-chaired' in discussions aired to millions of viewers on Britain's two biggest broadcasters.
483 comments
62 shares
Boyfriend of TOWIE's Ferne McCann is pictured living the high-life on palm-lined beaches and swigging champagne - just days before becoming a suspect in acid attack that injured 20
Police raided the £1million home of Arthur Collins (right and centre inset) after the dangerous substance was thrown during a fight at Mangle in Dalston, east London, over the weekend. Cannabis and firearms were discovered during the raid of the property, but Collins has not been found and is still being hunted by detectives, who have urged the public not to approach him. just last week, he posted a photo of himself posing in a palm tree on a tropical beach during the latest of his apparently trips to the sun with friends. TV personality Ms McCann, 26, today deleted an image of her and Collins together on holiday two weeks ago (left) from her Instagram page. Among those injured in the Easter weekend attack was Australian model Isobella Fraser (inset), who suffered serious chemical burns to her arms.
3 videos
2.2k shares
The ULTIMATE hacks for new mothers - from the simplest way to swaddle to using coconut oil to mop up a mess 
To make life as a new mother that little bit easier, MummyPages has unveiled eight ingenious hacks to help first-timers cope - from swaddling made simple to the 'bike' method to relieve gas.
19 comments
9 shares
How following the 'rule of three' can COMPLETELY simplify your life and make you more productive (and you'll wonder how you lived without it)
Experts have shared a clever 'rule of three' they promise will help you regain control of your life, boost your productivity and reduce your anxiety.
57 comments
21 shares
BBC Springwatch presenter Chris Packham is 'pushed by a policeman' and charged with assault in Malta after confronting illegal bird trappers
The Springwatch star revealed he had spent two hours in a police station on the Maltese island of Gozo and faces a court appearance tomorrow.
2 comments
1 video
41 shares
Bulgarian pickpocket, 34, who stole £1,000 from 14 elderly victims and a blind person after preying on them in Waitrose, Wilkos and Iceland is jailed
Ivalina Hristova, 34, targeted elderly women with open handbags in Dorset but was caught on CCTV and arrested at Stanstead Airport on her return from her native Bulgaria.
150 comments
219 shares
Revealed: How a heroine member of Churchill's elite SOE spy network was executed in a concentration camp aged 29 after her colleague's heinous betrayal 
Diana Rowden (pictured), an agent with the Special Operations Executive (SOE), was dropped into occupied France in June 1943 and worked for the French Resistance. She and a fellow agent planned the destruction of the Nazi-requisitioned Peugeot factory, where tank turrets and aircraft engine parts were made. But her group was compromised because of Henry Dericourt (bottom, centre), the French air operations man who was actually a double agent working for the Nazis. She was then captured and taken to the dreaded Natzweiler concentration camp (top right) and executed that night, according to a new book revealing the heroine's incredible story.
345 comments
126 shares
Exposed: The mind tricks crooks use to steal your life savings - and how to protect yourself
In recent weeks, Money Mail has revealed how Santander customers are being swindled out of their life savings - and often the crooks employ sophisticated psychological tricks.
370 comments
58 shares
Mystery of the 'man-eating lions of Tsavo' is finally solved: Creatures devoured 35 men in 1898 killing spree because they had bad TEETH
A study of the infamous lions' teeth, whose spree halted construction of the Tsavo river bridge in Southern Kenya, suggests that tooth disease may play a key role in lions becoming man-eaters.
40 comments
1 video
45 shares
'I lost 12 hours of my life and I have no idea what happened': People who are convinced they've been abducted by aliens share their VERY bizarre stories
Many of those who came forward with their supernatural stories revealed that they had had strange encounters while camping, while others were in the comfort of their own bedrooms.
450 comments
4 videos
183 shares
Deleted Broadchurch scene reveals what REALLY happened at the end of DCI Hardy's Tinder date (and it's good news for the grumpy detective) 
Episode four of Broadchurch saw David Tennant's character on a Tinder date with a blonde called Zoe, but viewers were left to wonder about what happened... until now.
26 comments
2 videos
13 shares
Like mother, like daughter: Face scanning technology reveals the features you're most likely to inherit from your parents
Researchers from Kings College London studied the features of 1,000 female twins to find parts of the face that are likely to be controlled by genetics. They used their results to create interactive face maps that reveal the features you're most likely to inherit from your parents. Vanessa Paradis (top left) bears more than a passing resemblance to her daughter Lily-Rose Depp (bottom left), young Goldie Hawn, (top middle), shares a similar smile to her daughter (bottom middle) Kate Hudson and supermodel Cindy Crawford (top right) has passed on her stunning facial features to her daughter Kaia Gerber (bottom right).
72 comments
9 shares
GP, 65, who was jailed for 15 years after filming himself raping children he drugged and tied to his 'Satan's pillow' admits four more sex assaults at his surgery 
Robert Wells, 65, who was jailed for 15 years in 2004, has now admitted sexually assaulting more victims while their parents waited outside his consulting room in Caerleon Surgery, Wales, in the 1980s.
1 comment
35 shares
Predator PE teacher, 38, who twanged a student's thong as she used a climbing wall and pestered her for sex during a ski trip is thrown out of the profession
A disciplinary panel in Coventry ruled David Newton-Badman, 38, abused his position through his 'predatory' behaviour towards a teenage pupil while working as a PE teacher.
1 comment
share
Diana and Sir Elton WEREN'T close, claims Wayne Sleep: Ballet star says Candle In The Wind singer didn't know the Princess that well
Sleep, 68, famously danced with Diana to Uptown Girl at the Royal Opera House in 1985 as a treat for Prince Charles's birthday, while Elton sang at the Princess's funeral in 1997.
86 comments
28 shares
'This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen': Viewers mock woman who claims she can predict the future with ASPARAGUS (and predicts Prince Harry and Meghan will marry this year)
Self-styled 'asparamancer' Jemima Packington, 61, from Bath, throws asparagus spears into the air and interprets the patterns they make when they land to predict the future.
103 comments
1 video
20 shares
BRINK OF WAR: TENSIONS RISE WORLDWIDE
  Inside the North Korean ghost town built by South Korea who lost $1BILLION when a tourist was shot dead by Kim's army who then seized the resort
Eerie photographs depict the $400million luxury tourist complex that lies abandoned in North Korea after a South Korean woman was shot there. The Mount Kumgang resort (top right) was built in 1998 by the South Korean company Hyundai - which paid $1billion for 50 years of exclusivity.  After Miss Park Wang-ja, a 53-year-old South Korean tourist, was shot there in July 2008, South Korea decided to stop all tours and North Korea seized the resort. Now, the pristine 500-square kilometre complex stands as a ghost town, full of deserted cosmetic shops (left) and empty restaurants (bottom right).
121 comments
1 video
39 shares
'Kim WILL push the nuclear button': North Korean defector forced to watch her first public execution aged SEVEN claims mad dictator will stop at nothing to nuke US as a 'last stand'
Prominent North Korean defector Hyeonseo Lee, 37, is convinced dictator Kim Jong-un would use weapons of mass destruction against his enemies as a 'last stand' if he were to lose power.
308 comments
3 videos
1.6k shares
North Korea wipes out US city with massive nuclear missile blast in chilling simulation of an attack on America during bizarre musical show 
North Korea put on a musical show to mark the birthday of founding father Kim Il Sung which ended with a mock-up of rockets engulfing America in flames.
784 comments
2 videos
5.4k shares
'The sword stands ready': Vice President Mike Pence warns North Korea of 'an overwhelming and effective American response' that will 'defeat any attack' as he addresses 2,500 cheering sailors aboard the USS Ronald Reagan in Tokyo Bay
VP Mike Pence warned North Korea not to test the resolve of the US military, promising it would give an 'overwhelming and effective' response to any use of conventional or nuclear weapons.
590 comments
1 video
1.7k shares
Could Kim Jong-un's missiles beat US defenses? Pentagon will begin testing its anti-missile weapons over fears North Korea will develop intercontinental weapons
The US will conduct two major tests in May in the Pacific as part of the military's overall ballistic missile program to defend against North Korean or Iranian threats.
23 comments
5 shares
American spies hit Putin: The NSA 'has hacked websites belonging to the presidents of Russia and Iran' 
The National Surveillance Agency has been accused of keeping the presidents of Russia and Iran as well as nuclear facilities and internet service provider according to secretive group Shadow Brokers.
58 comments
1 video
17 shares
Pictured: Trump's £75m F-35A fighter jets arrive in the UK to bolster Nato and send a warning sign to Putin
Amazing images have emerged of US-made F-35A stealth fighters that cost upwards of £75million each and have arrived at a Suffolk RAF base to boost Nato's strength.
205 comments
1 video
42 shares
The devil really is in the details! Creepy optical illusion that appears to depict a sweet picturesque scene is actually hiding dozens of very sinister secrets - so can YOU spot them all?
Most optical illusions don't leave viewers shrieking in horror in addition to scratching their heads, but the illustration 'Blue Plate Special' by Jeff Lee Johnson packs tons of horrifying details. A second look reveals a seemingly-pleasant diner scene to actually be a terrifying menagerie.
29 comments
13 shares
Magician, 30, who hit his girlfriend with a champagne bottle leaving her in 'agony' made her crime letter about the assault VANISH...by eating it 
Magician Marcus Lewis (pictured), 30, argued with then-partner Catherine Mallet, 26, about playing loud music and messaging ex-lovers at their shared apartment in West London.
13 comments
share
Shocking video shows 'drunk' man, 41, stumbling between fast flowing traffic before banging his head on a barrier at a set of traffic lights 
The clip shows a man - who some Twitter users wrongly thought had taken the synthetic drug Spice - wandering along a busy road in Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire, as vehicles drive past in the background.
1 video
48 shares
How to write the PERFECT e-mail: Experts reveal the secrets to crafting a message that will ALWAYS get a reply no matter how busy the recipient is
There are certain rules to follow when writing an email that will boost your chances of getting a reply, says Influencive, which recommends keeping your introduction brief and using the active voice.
19 comments
14 shares
Do you want a 'younger' brain? Drinking beetroot juice before exercise strengthens it and may even prevent dementia
Beetroot juice's nitric oxide content increases blood flow to the brain and improves exercise performance, making the brain more youthful, said scientists at Wake Forest University, North Carolina.
15 comments
31 shares
Mother reveals horror at seeing her husband desperately try to save their two-year-old daughter in her pram before the pair were both swept to their deaths by an 8ft wave
Lisinda Bruynius (right, with her family) was fishing on rocks with her husband Rudy and two-year-old daughter McKayla (together, left) when a 'mass of water' dragged them into the sea. The couple's two sons, Damian, six, and Tyrone, ten, were also with them, but had been told to go higher on the rocks when the water started to come in. They then watched in horror as their parents and little sister were swept into the water. Today, at an inquest into their deaths, Mrs Bruynius described how the little girl was still in her pram when the wave hit, but that her husband somehow managed to free her while they were in the water. She then relived how she saw her husband clutching the little girl while he 'screamed for help' and struggled to say afloat. Tragically, he lost hold of the girl. Mr Bruynius was airlifted to hospital (inset) where he died. McKayla died four days later.
3 comments
3 shares
Female Spitfire pilot, 95, snubbed Downton Abbey request to film in her £1.65million Grade II listed Cotswolds mansion as it would 'interrupt her busy dinner party schedule'
Former Spitfire pilot Molly Rose OBE (pictured) delivered more than 273 Spitfires during the Second World War and shot down proposals by Downton Abbey to film at her Cotswolds mansion.
48 comments
3 shares
'Cougar' glamour model, 29, weds soldier she met when he was still a teenager just SIX MONTHS after a holiday fling in Ayia Napa (even though friends say they're 'crazy')
Verity, 29, from London, met Ash, now 20 and a private in the Army, in Ayia Napa. Cameras follow the self-confessed 'diva' in the run up to her speedy nuptials on the 5STAR show Badass Brides.
94 comments
27 shares
Why you should NEVER take a selfie from the right-hand side: The scientifically-proven formula for a flattering photo is all in the angle
According to Dr Anukka Lindell from La Trobe University, Melbourne, Instagrammers prefer to snap themselves from the left-hand side as it proves the most flattering on screen.
27 comments
1 video
14 shares
Terrifying red-eyed MUTANT wasp is created using a controversial 'cut and paste' gene-editing technique
The wasps were created by researchers in California to prove that CRISPR gene-slicing technology can be used successfully on the tiny insects. It may help reveal some of the wasp's interesting biology.
24 comments
1 video
28 shares
'My boobs exhibit steady growth over time': Woman emails her crush a very funny - and persuasive - PowerPoint presentation listing the reasons why he should date her
Lizzy Fenton, a science student at the University of Minnesota, has gone viral for a tweet last month. She shared a PowerPoint presentation that she said she sent to her crush, Carter.
The presentation includes detailed slides making a well-reasoned argument for why Carter should date her. She says she'd be a great addition to family gatherings, offers variety due to her different hairstyles, and has shown steady breast growth over time. She also says she is financially secure and includes endorsements from the New York Times, Channing Tatum, and her mom.
558 comments
8.8k shares
British teenager died in the Canadian wilderness after taking LSD as a 'one off' experiment just weeks before starting marine zoology degree
Henry Suggitt, 19, of Woking, Surrey, who had been due to start studying marine zoology at Bangor University in North Wales, was visiting friends in Canada when he took the psychedelic drug.
2 comments
3 shares
'Dictatorship' school puts pupil, 15, in isolation for four days for his 'extreme' hairstyle after he returned from Easter break having shaved off his David Luiz mop to raise £850 for cancer charity
Pictured: Taylor Jones,15, returned to Launceston College in Cornwall yesterday and couldn't believe it when he was told he would remain in a solitary room on his own until his hair grew back.
133 comments
148 shares
Terrifying moment two tourists who had posed for selfies on rocks in Brazil are swept out to sea while their cousin films them... before one of them tragically washes up dead
Amanda Maria Roque, 19, and Leonardo Santos, 25, clambered onto wet rocks at coastal town Farol de Santa Marta in Brazil during a holiday last month having travelled down from Sao Paolo.
37 comments
1 video
14 shares
British backpacker Peter Falconio was cut up and dumped hundreds of miles from where he was murdered in Australian outback after his killer told a friend to dispose of the body, 'friend' claims 
A letter writer, an Australian ex-patriate now living in London, claimed that Bradley Murdoch rang a criminal associate asking to meet him in the outback following the killing.
1 comment
2 shares
That's not what we meant by love-all! Crunch tennis match is interrupted by the sound of a couple having sex 
A crunch tennis match in Florida was interrupted by the sounds of a couple having noisy sex. Frances Tiaofe and Mitchell Krueger were playing in the Sarasota Open when the noise of the copulating could be heard around the auditorium. Tiafoe (above) was serving in the second set when he noticed the noise. It is understood the noise was coming from outside the court, much to the amusement of both players. Taifoe said: 'It can't be that good'.
21 comments
1 video
250 shares
Consultant faces being struck off for telling a colleague to 'f***ing take it' as he knocked him out when they argued over a place to stay on a night out 
Dr David Arundel, who works at the Diana, Princess of Wales Hospital in Grimsby, Linconshire, fled the scene but the incident was inadvertently recorded on the victim's phone.
5 comments
7 shares
Oxford university PhD student, 25, 'sexually assaulted a young woman in his flat then texted her a year later saying "sorry for raping you"'
Statistician Sherman Ip, who has studied at Oxford, UCL and Warwick, is accused of attacking his alleged victim at a flat in London in 2013.
13 shares
Meet the family who are ALL at risk of popping their bones out of place as a result of a rare genetic condition
EXCLUSIVE: Gemma Coles-Hassan, 34, from Milton Keynes, was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome age 11. She passed it onto her three children: Aydan, Theo and Maddison.
7 comments
6 shares
'Nothing to see here!': Rachel Riley left red-faced after cheeky Countdown spelling incident... as viewers take to Twitter in amusement
Rachel Riley was once again left red faced on Wednesday's episode of Countdown when 'squirter' was suggested as a top scoring word.
62 comments
3 videos
23 shares
'F*** off back to India': Irish woman hurls racist abuse at train passengers for SIXTEEN minutes after they put a bag on a seat
A woman hurled racist abuse at another passenger on a train in the Republic of Ireland for 16 minutes after a trivial row over a bag on a seat. Another commuter on the train, in Limerick, recorded the video (pictured) and uploaded it after warning the woman he would be shaming her online. The Irish rail operator, Iarnr?d ?ireann, said: 'It is a shocking and disgraceful incident - any form of abuse of customers is intolerable, particularly discriminatory abuse.'
131 comments
1 video
1.7k shares
'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another
In a touching moment, the future king bonded with Rhian Burke, 39, over their shared experience of loss, assuring her that her surviving children would be 'absolutely fine' with 'a mum like her'.
612 comments
4 videos
1.1k shares
'It was only right to share': Prince Harry insists he was just 'doing his bit' by revealing his mental health battles after his mother's death - and says Diana would be 'hugely encouraged' to see people talking openly about their issues
Prince Harry, 32, was joined by five-year-old Melissa Hoswe to open the London Marathon Expo, and the charming royal put her at ease by holding her hand as he gave her the scissors.
119 comments
3 videos
34 shares
EXCLUSIVE: Back to work! Meghan Markle heads to the Suits set after a blissful Easter weekend holed up in her Toronto pad with Prince Harry
Meghan Markle was spotted going back to work, wearing black jeans, white Adidas sneakers and a denim jacket, after spending Easter weekend with her boyfriend Prince Harry in Toronto.
333 comments
1 video
122 shares
Diana's STILL blowing cobwebs off the Royals: SARAH VINE says conversation Harry has engaged with the nation about mental health was first started by his mother 
Prince Harry revealed he had come close to a 'breakdown' after failing to grieve his mother's death and by engaging with the public in this way - he brought her back, writes SARAH VINE.
419 comments
23 shares
Welsh boy, 12, with an incredible singing voice gets a standing ovation on the Ellen show and is praised by the host for his 'uniqueness' and love of make-up
Reuben de Maid, 12, from Cardiff (left) stunned the audience with his rendition of And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going from Dreamgirls on The Ellen Show and won a standing ovation. The youngster then told the host about his love of make-up (right) and admitted he was bullied at school and in his drama group, but still wants to have his own YouTube channel doing beauty tutorials.
12 comments
1 video
121 shares
Negatives purchased for $3.50 at a flea market turned out to be fascinating time-capsule images of 1960s Barcelona by a master photographer
American tourist Tom Sponheim paid $3.50 for a set of negatives in 2001 before developing them and realising he'd stumbled on haunting images of a time gone by in Barcelona.
1 comment
10 shares
Terrifying moment thug throttles and punches a grandmother-of-six landlady in her own pub garden when she confronts him for 'mouthing off' 
Grandmother-of-six Gill Mathews was assaulted by a male customer after she confronted him about misbehaving in The Waggon and Horses in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.
315 comments
1 video
53 shares
The VERY simple ingredient swaps that will make your meals instantly healthier, from grated apple instead of sugar to fresh fruit in place of juice
Nutritionist Amy Morris has come up with five very easy and healthy food swaps, which include changing sugar for healthier grated apple and butter for organic and gut-friendly coconut oil.
24 comments
12 shares
Are these the LEAST romantic proposals ever? People reveal the worst possible places to pop the question (including over Snapchat and at a funeral)
It's supposed to be a moment you'll treasure forever. But some people get marriage proposals spectacularly wrong. People have shared the worst ways to pop the question on Reddit.
11 comments
3 shares
Femail
Latest Headlines
Femail
More...
Deleted Broadchurch scene reveals what REALLY happened at the end of DCI Hardy's Tinder date...
Travel
Latest Headlines
Travel
More...
Breathtaking! Incredible photos reveal daredevil's record-breaking freedive under a 575ft-long...
Science
Latest Headlines
Science
More...
Incredible 11-metre statue of Ramses II is unveiled in Luxor after being restored from 57...
Sport
Football
Premier League
More...
LIVE: Barcelona v Juventus... find out if Messi and Co can pull off another Champions League...
  Giant crocodile rips gazelle in HALF
          Site Web
Like
Daily Mail
Follow
@MailOnline
Follow
Daily Mail
+1
Daily Mail
    DON'T MISS
Victoria Beckham declares herself 'proud to be British' as she receives OBE from the Duke of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace
Fashion and charity work
She's pregnant! Tennis star Serena Williams shows off her bump as she reveals she's 20 weeks along with her first baby... four months after shock engagement
Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises'
Emmerdale star Lucy Pargeter, 40, joyously announces arrival of twin daughters with fiancé Rudi Coleano... after conceiving using IVF
TOWIE beauty Kate Wright flaunts her fabulous figure and ample assets in a scarlet bikini in sultry throwback snap from her Dubai break
Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA
Flaunted her bump in a clinging low-cut number 
Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill
Looking incredible
'Where has he been hiding?': Pregnant Binky Felstead shares a treasured family throwback... as fans go crazy for her 'hot' older brother Oliver
Caitlyn Jenner reveals she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage as she spills bedroom secrets in new memoir
PICTURED: Ferne McCann kisses bad boy beau Arthur Collins in happier times... as she demands he turns himself in to police over nightclub acid attack
Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace
'What a fantastic day!' Jessica Ennis-Hill is joined by dapper husband Andy Hill as she's made a Dame by Duke of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace
Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal  
Lauren Goodger shrouds her curves in a grey T-shirt and black leggings as she heads to the gym... after putting on a bodacious bikini display in Dubai
Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James
'Nothing to see here!' Rachel Riley left red-faced after cheeky Countdown spelling incident... as viewers take to Twitter in amusement
VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'You lazy cows are still in bed?' Abbey Clancy joins forces with her personal trainer brother to put the BNTM girls through their paces
'People don't want to know you!' BNTM's first transgender model Talulah-Eve poses in her underwear... as she reveals tension with Abbey Clancy
Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris
'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression'
Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami
Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show
Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle
NFL stars and Snoop Dog slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison
Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios
Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben Affleck until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle'
Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family
Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous
Pregnant Chanelle Hayes debuts her bare baby bump in a stunning shoot... after revealing she's expecting a second boy 
Glowing
'I was LIVING': Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video
EXCLUSIVE 'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby return at Cannes
Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans
'I'm going to mention it in my Christmas card': Julia Roberts receives People's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a FIFTH time... beating pal George Clooney record
Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price'
Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama A Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family
'I want to do it justice for survivors': Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon defends her grooming storyline... after it's revealed the character will be raped
Gail Porter flashes a smile as she steps out in London... three months after revealing her bankruptcy woes
The TV presenter, 46, was seen smiling 
Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film The Promise on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's release in an attempt to discredit Armenian genocide
Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit the latest issue of Harper by Harper's BAZAAR
Kate's show of support: Dressed-down Duchess of Cambridge hosts a reception for Heads Together Marathon runners at Kensington Palace
'It is horrible that people can do that': Elsa Pataky weighs in on celebrity photo hacking and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones
Defiant Chloe Sims steps out in casual blue shirt for TOWIE filming amid explosive rivalry with Megan McKenna over her ex Pete Wicks
Drama to one side
'Be with someone you'd want your daughter to be with': Jamie O'Hara takes a thinly veiled dig at Ferne McCann
His cousin was a victim
Boyfriend of TOWIE's Ferne McCann pictured living the high-life and swigging champagne just days before becoming a suspect in acid attack
'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in Hollywood
'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ
Open and honest 
'He brings joy into our lives!' Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake
Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears
Geordie Shore's Elettra Lamborghini leaves Chloe Ferry in tears as she gets STEAMY in the shower with Marty McKenna... with backlash from fans
'Hard work pays off!' MIC's Louise Thompson displays her gym-honed six-pack as she goes braless in a bandeau top 
Body beautiful
Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch
Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney
'Are you obsessed with dieting?' Loose Women cause a Twitter storm for probing fantastic looking Rosemary Conley, 70, about her weight
Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she pines for Coachella in throwback snap
Pining for the sunshine
'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good'
'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?' Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant
She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth
Must be Victoria's Secret
Super WAG Coleen Rooney grabs a cup of coffee on the go as she runs early morning errands around Cheshire in paint splattered sweater
Nick Knowles looks dapper as he leaves BBC studios ahead of his new presenting role in collaboration with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge
'Always wants what she can't have!' Stephanie Davis lashes out at 'compulsive liar' Danielle Armstrong in support of TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou
'No one knows anything about us': Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before first fashion campaign
The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof
Joking about the highly publicised incident
Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills
Opted to make a humanitarian statement
'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49
'I don't MEAN to swear - it just slips out!' Gordon Ramsay insists his notorious penchant for bad language is not intentional... and that his mother tells him off for it
Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot
Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples
'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another
Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid 
Chose a fitted dress
'My FAT driver is questioning my health': Outraged Size 22 model Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol
Chloe Madeley flaunts her incredibly gym-honed frame in a skimpy red bikini... as she jokes about her holiday diet taking its toll
Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years
Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser
Lee Ryan erupts into a fit of giggles as Eamonn Holmes accidentally introduces him as a Blue Peter presenter in hilarious live TV gaffe
Not that squeaky clean
Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London
Make-up free Jessie Wallace keeps it casual in workout leggings and a baggy tee as she runs errands
Worlds away from leopard print-loving Kat
EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16'
Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills
Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris
The supermodel caught the eye of many
Prince Harry insists he was just 'doing his bit' by revealing his mental health battles after his mother's death - and says Diana would be 'encouraged' to see it
Tangerine dream! Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging keyhole swimwear as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway
'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lack
'When you've had three hernias fixed': Professor Green undergoes FIVE hour operation for an incisional hernia
Not a happy bunny
'The flu can be an amazing diet!' Grateful Kim Kardashian credits recent illness for helping her lose 6Ibs ahead of the annual Met Gala
That worked out well
'I'll give it a good pull!' Emmerdale viewers are left shocked when Adam Barton makes VERY lewd suggestion on tea-time soap during visit to a sperm clinic
Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves while taking a dip with her 'mini-me' daughter Ariana after Miami break
Coldplay will go head to head with Adele after being named TWICE in the same category as they lead the nominations at the 2017 Ivor Novello Awards
'I've broke my back and my t**s!' Devastated Jemma Lucy concerns her fans as she is rushed to A&E after mystery accident leaves her in agony
Those baby blues! Jessica Biel flaunts her svelte frame in chic jumper and figure-hugging pencil skirt for The Sinner photocall
Oozed elegance 
When 2 Become... 3! Spice Girls reunion is BACK ON now Mel B's 'unnerving' husband Stephen Belafonte is out of the picture
Good news for GEM fans
Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt cradles her bump as she displays her incredible athleticism during dance class... shortly after announcing she's expecting again
EXCLUSIVE: 'My bump is my favourite part of my body!' MIC's Binky Felstead shows off her pregnancy shape in a bikini as she unveils swimwear collection
Hot wheels! Heidi Klum keeps things casual in double denim as she nips around LA in flash classic convertible Ferrari after jetting home from Costa Rica
'It's funny it was so overly dramatised': Warren Beatty discusses his infamous Oscars ceremony blunder and deems all the fuss 'silly'
'No filter or editing necessary': Ashley James flaunts her pert derriere in VERY short denim cut-offs as she enjoys sun-drenched holiday in Mexico
Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born
Things got steamy
Katherine Heigl's husband Josh Kelley plants a loving kiss on her cheek as she returns to the spotlight... just four months after giving birth
'I was a really tragic 13-year-old': Kate Beckinsale shares cringy postcard from her childhood crush Rob Lowe 'proposing marriage'
Deleted Broadchurch scene reveals what REALLY happened at the end of DCI Hardy's Tinder date (and it's good news for the grumpy detective) 
Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL'
'It's totally ridiculous': Peter Andre 'furious with ex-wife Katie Price after she claimed Princess, 9, and Junior, 11, love that they divorced'
Horsing around! North West looks thrilled on merry-go-round during aunt Kourtney Kardashian's birthday celebrations at Disneyland
'I'm surrounded by people I like to be with': Victoria Beckham reveals she 'doesn't have a lot friends' due to her busy career... but never feels lonely
Nina Dobrev cuts a low-key figure in a striped Tee and skinny jeans while stepping out in LA... amid rumours she is now dating Orlando Bloom
Bake Off star Ruby Tandoh roasts 'self-serving' celebrity chefs who cash in on diet books by 'swinging from comfort food to superfood' 
Someone eats their Leftovers! Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in vest after getting pumped at gym
Pump it up! 
Bella Thorne shows off her pierced nipple in a see-through top as she poses for a sizzling social media snap
Showed off her many piercings
I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills
Back from Coachella
Own best advert! Rihanna wears satin parka with high/low hem from her Puma collection to pop-up shop in LA
Donned a satin parka 
EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she spends every dollar on chemotherapy!'  Minnie Driver's bitter neighbour loses legal battle and finally knocks down wall dividing them
'We've already dated - and you dumped me by text!' First Dates viewers cheer on mother-of-two after she has to endure a VERY awkward reunion with ex
What Feud? Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in cream three-piece suit with lacy low-cut top as she cuddles up to chic co-star Susan Sarandon at NYC screening
'He should write his own music!' Harry Styles looks in high spirits at New York Rangers game... as fans accuse him of 'ripping off' rock band's song
'We are worried about Rob': Kardashian sisters watch their brother's back while Blac Chyna threatens split in KUWTK sneak peek
Kris Jenner's fake home used in Keeping Up With The Kardashians hits the market for $9 million 
The 61-year-old momager is not moving house 
Highlight of the night! Olympia Valance showcases her luscious blonde-streaked mane as she attends L'Oréal's Botanical hair-care range launch
Olivia Munn is 'doing good and open to dating again' after split from Aaron Rodgers while athlete is 'picking up the pieces'
Split after three years
'All the problems were down to drink and drugs': Stephanie Davis shares snap with son Caben... amid claims she 'wants to wed Jeremy McConnell'
'That was out of the Blue!?' Lee Ryan wins praise for EastEnders debut as 'Woody' Woodward... yet some viewers are baffled by 'random' introduction
Frilly in florals! Rose Byrne strikes an elegant pose on the red carpet for premiere of Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks
Among the cavalcade of stars
Fulfilling her Promise! Angela Sarafyan steals show at film's NYC screening in glittering sheer gown
Best known for her turns as a robotic prostitute
'Like looking in the mirror': Blake Shelton goes platinum blonde with wig to tease Adam Levine on The Voice
Superstar shocked viewers of The Voice US
Diva mommy! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage in figure-hugging ensemble as she takes twins Monroe and Moroccan toy shopping
Family time
Daddy's little girl! Chris Hemsworth makes hearts melt as he lavishes attention on sweet daughter India Rose during a day at the playground
Megan McKenna tries to make amends with Pete Wicks with an emotional phone call on TOWIE... following THAT explosive row in the street
SPOILER ALERT: 'The littlest thing would spark an argument': Nathan Massey reappears on TOWIE as he confirms it's 'over' with Cara De La Hoyde 
  'The shock never leaves you': Prince William speaks of the moment he was told his mother had died in emotional conversation with bereaved widow
Mel B sports heart-shaped pink specs as she removes laptop and heaps of files from lawyer's office in midst of messy Stephen Belafonte divorce
Caitlyn Jenner steps out after daughter Kendall revealed her 'heart dropped' when she first saw her dad as a woman
Brave face
Birthday babe Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap
'After the last guy... deffo girls!' Bisexual Marnie Simpson reveals doomed romance with love rat ex Lewis Bloor has swayed her towards dating women 
'Shopping in my daughter's closet!' Yolanda Hadid twins with Gigi as she borrows her color block Versace jacket for day out
In her modeling footsteps
Barry Manilow makes first concert appearance since publicly coming out and revealing marriage to manager Garry Kief
Took to the stage
'Don't f***ing talk to us!': Alison Brie and Aubrey Plaza are bad nuns in hilarious trailer for The Little Hours
Put on a hysterical performance
'I am still processing': Shannon Purser of Stranger Things comes out as bisexual in emotional Twitter post
Came out to family and friends
Golden girl! Rosario Dawson shows off her toned legs in split gown at Unforgettable premiere
She plays new trophy wife Unforgettable
An Unforgettable sight! Joanna Krupa steals attention from the stars in sheer black dress at Hollywood premiere
She is getting ready to hit the small screen
Bunny breakdown! Lisa Rinna cries and walks off after Kim Richards returns gift on RHOBH reunion
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Reunion 
Deliverance! Previously unheard Prince track is released ahead of one-year anniversary of his death... with MORE music to come
'Birthday suit!': Kourtney Kardashian shares naked pool picture to celebrate turning 38
Embraced body confidence
SPOILER ALERT: Emmerdale viewers set for a shock as Rhona Goskirk is raped by new husband Pierce Harris on their wedding night
Chilling
Cara Delevingne's Rimmel mascara advert is banned for using production techniques that exaggerated the effect of the make-up
Extra va-va-voom
 Attack of the klones! Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian look identical (thanks to the cosmetic surgeon) in new topless teaser for make-up collaboration
'Bump coming along!' Missé Beqiri sparks pregnancy speculation in snap with beau Jake Hall... as followers note her 'massive boobs'
Reality worlds collide
She sheer is confident! Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill flashes her knickers in see-through black leggings
She certainly knows how to model underwear
'How am I supposed to hate him!': Fans can't help but swoon over actor Chris Mason... despite playing horrific rapist Leo Humphries in hit drama Broadchurch
Lacy lady! Rebel Wilson wears a one-piece swimsuit and lace kaftan as she enjoys Palm Springs poolside after catch up with Hugh Sheridan
'I love how close we were': Kim Kardashian shares throwback video to mark Kourtney's 38th birthday
The 36-year-old star shared a flashback 
Crystal Palace chair Steve Parish to join Dragon's Den alongside Jenny Campbell... after Sarah Willingham quit due to husband's cancer scare 
Born to smile! Makeup free Delta Goodrem shows off her toned pins in a pair of tight leggings following sweaty workout
Peace and love
Buffy The Vampire Slayer favorite Charisma Carpenter, 46, looks ageless in plunging sheer gown at Thirst Gala
Went for a daring outfit
'Let them roam free': Braless Sam Faiers drives her fans wild as she flaunts her ample assets in extreme plunging caged jumpsuit and perspex heels 
Kelsea Ballerini sparkles in cornflower blue strapless dress by Zac Posen at 2017 Symphony Fashion Show
Arrived in Nashville
She should have brought the palm leaves: Braless Sinitta makes a boob in see-through top to judge £3k talent show in London bar
Surf's up! Camille Grammer, 48, parades her knock-out body on the beach while on vacation in Hawaii
Ex-wife of Frasier star Kelsey 
Supporting her fellow angel! Behati Prinsloo rocks a pair of mom jeans and a beret style hat as she attends Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's 30th birthday
'You made my day!': Faith Hill surprises adorable young fan who sings a duet with the country superstar
Took time out of her busy tour schedule 
'I'll always keep trying': Proud Vicky Pattison shares incredible transformation photo on Instagram... after a lengthy battle with her fitness and weight
VIDEO
WATCH: TODAY'S TOP VIDEOS
Watch video
Texas daycare worker filmed throwing down children at naptime
Watch video
'F*** off back to India' Woman's shocking racist rant against Indian passenger
Watch video
OAP's have fist fight to settle old score - before stopping to look for glasses
Actress Blake Lively works out and goofs around with Don Saladino in Instagram...
The Panama Papers jail: Architects create concept prison ship that can hold 3,300 tax-avoiders in Game of Thrones-style 'sky cells'
Architects from the Ecole d'Architecture de Paris-Belleville have designed a jail ship (pictured) with open-air pods (bottom left) similar to the 'sky cells' that kept Tyrion Lannister prisoner in Game of Thrones (bottom right). Designers have drawn up plans for a giant boat that could hold 3,300 prisoners in its paper sails. They say the ship is designed to be a prison for the tax-avoiders named and shamed in the Panama Papers.
30 comments
17 shares
Instagram gets an offline mode on Android so users can create posts WITHOUT an internet connection
Photo-sharing app Instagram announced their offline mode for Android at Facebook's F8 conference in San Jose (stock image).
2 comments
1 video
4 shares
Ouch! These are the 3 sexual positions men should avoid if they don't want to fracture their PENIS
Doggy position was responsible for 28 per cent of the penile fractures reported, making it the second-most dangerous position, according to previous Brazilian research.
155 comments
817 shares
UK's top female banker reveals how post natal depression and the pressure of her City job left her believing her baby was dead and battling suicidal thoughts
Jayne-Anne Gadhia, 55, widely regarded as one of the UK's top female bankers, has revealed that she was diagnosed with post natal depression after the birth of her daughter Amy 14 years ago.
3 comments
1 video
17 shares
Would YOU buy alcohol for a pregnant woman? Watch what happens when an 'expectant mother' asks passing strangers to do her a favour by buying her booze
EXCLUSIVE: A Mail Online reporter posed as a pregnant woman to see if members of the public would buy her alcohol. Watch the video to find out what happened.
160 comments
1 video
96 shares
Man hasn't worn shoes in FOUR YEARS after getting fed up with his sweaty and smelly feet (and insists the only downside is stepping on the odd bit of broken glass)
Ben Donnelly, 33, a private tutor from Kensington, London, embraced going barefoot four years ago. He says his girlfriend is supportive and only takes jobs where he can be shoeless.
134 comments
639 shares
Un-Thai me! British tourist begs to be released after furious locals tied him up after he ran across their homes in his underwear in Thailand 
The 'delirious' man, who has not been named, was spotted scuttling across the roofs of homes in Pattaya, Thailand, on Tuesday night. He pleaded with locals to 'put me down' after they strung him up.
46 comments
1 video
24 shares
Mother breastfeeding her baby daughter among three paintings of women shortlisted to win £30,000 top prize in the BP Portrait Award 2017
London's National Portrait Gallery has announced that Benjamin Sullivan, Thomas Ehretsmann, and Antony Williams are in contention for this year's top award, which comes with a £30,000 prize.
41 comments
4 shares
Grandmother, 58, killed two women at a bus stop when she 'dozed off' at the wheel and ploughed into them as she drove along the pavement 
Teresa Sant, 58, from Plymouth, who had her four-year-old grandson with her in back seat, drove into Maria-Helene Giebelen, 60, and Victoria Hodge, 42, who were saying their goodbyes.
10 shares
Angry mother, 26, faces a TWO HOUR bus trip every day after the council sends her two sons to different primary schools...three miles apart
Charlotte Fox, 26, from Nottingham, was left fuming after her sons were split up due to a new policy. Their schools will be three miles apart, meaning she will need to be 'in two places at once'.
60 comments
5 shares
Could therapy save YOUR relationship? Expert reveals whether it is time to visit a professional (and the signs you should just let go)
Tracey Cox reveals whether your relationship could benefit from therapy or whether it is time to call it quits. If you do decide to approach a therapist ou must be prepared to be completely honest with one another and be open to change.
7 comments
1 video
3 shares
Lady Death: Colourised images show deadly female Russian sniper - who killed 309 Nazis during WWII - alongside her fellow female Russian sharpshooters who terrified the Germans 
Stunning portraits of the fighters were brought to life by translator Olga Shirnina, from Moscow, Russia, and show women posing with their sniper rifles. They feature pictures of Lyudmila Pavlichenko (top right), considered the most successful female sniper in history. In one image Pavlichenko, dubbed Lady Death after taking out more than 300 Nazis, stands proudly with her weapon. Separate images show Roza Shanina (left and inset), responsible for 59-confirmed kills, while one shot shows a row of Soviet women (bottom right) ready to fight Nazi Germany.
156 comments
684 shares
Canny shoppers cash in on the demand for a sold out £15 Primark gingham dress by flogging it for almost THREE times the price on eBay
A £15 gingham dress with bell sleeves has sold out in Primark stores across the country and now it's on eBay for an average of £30, with auction listings inflating the price even further.
46 comments
7 shares
Jellyfish salad, dandelion hummus and algae pudding: The global warming 'dystopian dinner party' recipes we could all soon be eating
Artists have revealed a stunning series that 'visualizes the possible future effects of climate change on our food system'. 'Flooded' features a menu with jellyfish salads, ousters and more.
4 comments
1 video
6 shares
Teenage girl has grown FOUR INCHES after doctors straighten her s-shaped spine that was crushing her lung and restricting her breathing
Karmen Parkes, 13, from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, stands at 5'3" after seven-hour surgery to fuse her back together. Her mother Katherine, 37, first thought her daughter had dislocated her shoulder.
11 comments
10 shares
Divorcee, 58, lands his dream job as a HERMIT who will live without heating or running water in the Austrian Alps 
Belgian Stan Vanuytrecht was singled out from 50 who applied for the job of looking after a 350-year-old building in a cliff-face overlooking Saalfelden in the state of Salzburg, Austria.
10 comments
share
Disturbing footage shows British backpacker help 'dehydrated and beaten' trekking elephants after stumbling across their pen in Thailand
While backpacking in Thailand, animal lover Naomi Ross was left 'shocked and disturbed' when she stumbled across four elephants chained to the floor with no room to walk.
1 comment
1 video
64 shares
France's National Front declare the EU flag an 'oligarchic rag they'll stuff in the cupboard' as Marine Le Pen says French people feel 'dispossessed' in their own country
Far-right presidential front-runner Marine Le Pen said French people felt 'dispossessed' in their own country as she stressed the threats of migration and terrorism in her campaign speeches.
36 comments
116 shares
Thug, 27, who threw acid into a shop manager's face after watching a late-night screening of gangster film Straight Outta Compton is jailed for eight years 
Michael McPherson, 27, threw drain cleaner into the face of Samir Hussain, 28, outside Cineworld in Crawley, West Sussex. He has now been jailed for eight years.
5 comments
share
A punnet of strawberries a day could stave off breast cancer, study finds
After five weeks on a strawberry-boosted diet, mice tested by Marche Polytechnic University in Italy showed no sign of progressing cancer spread and their tumors had shrunk.
comments
share
Nurses, teachers and LAWYERS feature in fascinating images offering a rare glimpse into the secret world of Britain's bizarre sex fetishes 
Photographer Joshua T Gibbons wanted to offer a rare glimpse into the 'alternative' sexual lifestyles of people aged 18-35 who he met on social media with his new photo series. Clockwise from top left: Online users collared4love, pakistani_princess84, _lusty-TS, blackpepper12, b0nnie_andcl1ve and bluebaby-girl all agreed to be photographed anonymously for the project, entitled Sex Site.
26 comments
1 share
Is the ghost of Elsie Tanner haunting Coronation Street? Exorcist called to the 'cobbles' as 'paranormal activity' halts plans for the ITV set's end of days 
The old Coronation Street set in Manchester (pictured) has reportedly suffered from 'paranormal activity' for years - but now ITV has been forced to call in an exorcist ahead of the set's demolition.
32 comments
1 video
21 shares
Homelessness campaigner, 41, who spoke about his work with Prince Charles admits forging invoices to steal £10,000 from a charity he ran
Jamie Nalton, 41, met Charles in 2012 when he worked for a homeless charity in London and became a prominent activist but has now admitted to stealing from a group that he ran.
7 comments
1 share
Can YOU guess how old this woman is? Youthful looking model stuns in new lingerie campaign 32 YEARS after first entering the spotlight
Many would be forgiven for thinking that the model in the Florale by Triumph campaign was a woman in her 20s. But the stunning fresh-faced model is in fact Japanese singer, Seiko Matsuda.
66 comments
296 shares
Asian Games will feature VIDEO GAMES in 2022 after the continent's Olympic Council agreed to include 'esports'
The Olympic Council of Asia says it will introduce esports to the official program of the Asian Games at Hangzhou, China, to reflect the 'rapid development and popularity' of video gaming.
22 comments
14 shares
Want to smell like a Harley, or try lasagne made by Colgate? Museum of Failure has some of the weirdest - and least successful - products of all time 
The Museum of Failure, in Helsingborg, Sweden, is honouring creativity by showcasing 50 items that prove if at first you don't succeed, try something else, like Colgate's beef lasagne.
162 comments
83 shares
Soldier, 27, is savaged by two mastiffs as he fights to save his pregnant wife before a motorist hears their screams and drives his car at the crazed dogs
Sam Myford, 27, of Westbury, Wiltshire, and his wife Emily, 23, who is 37 weeks pregnant, were walking their two pet chihuahuas when the bigger dogs suddenly attacked.
14 comments
3 shares
'Animal loving' fashion designer, 48, who dressed Rhianna and Kanye West is fined £4,000 after he admits selling skulls and shells of rare endangered creatures from his London boutique
Sasko Bezovski, 48, of Maida Vale, West London, the co-owner of trendy label Kokon To Zai (KTZ), had spur thighed tortoise and green turtle shells on sale and a rare freshwater crocodile skull.
9 comments
7 shares
Children whose mothers used their mobile phones more than four times a day during pregnancy are more likely to be hyperactive, study reveals
This may be due to the phone's electromagnetic radiation or mothers who spend more time on their mobiles being less responsive to their children, according to a scientist at the University of California.
comments
1 share
Good Samaritan attempts to help a frail pensioner cross the road but it spectacularly backfires when his car rolls into the elderly woman and knocks her to the ground 
The elderly woman tries to point out that the man's car is in neutral and rolling perilously towards the pair but he waves off her desperate pleas. It then knocks her to the road in Saare County, Estonia.
25 comments
1 video
18 shares
Workman left dangling upside down from a pole for more than an hour after being shocked by wires 
The electrician reportedly spent more than an hour hanging upside down, just inches away from death, before he was rescued. He was electrocuted while working in Krasnoyarsk, Russia.
5 comments
1 video
5 shares
Nurse born with TWO VAGINAS which left her feeling like a 'circus freak' is now infertile following surgery to remove her duplicated organs
Nicci Triefenbach, 32, from St Louis, Missouri, was left feeling like a 'circus freak' after being told she had a duplicate reproductive system by a gynaecologist when she was 20.
12 comments
1 video
220 shares
Revealed: The most dangerous time to give birth for both mother AND baby
Deadly delivery outcomes are more likely to occur during birth if the doctor in charge is in the ninth hour of their shift, scientists at the University of Texas at Austin claim.
20 comments
1 video
14 shares
'Being a skinny size 6 made me unhappy!' Student reveals how she CHOSE to put on two stone - and says she loves her new muscular curves
Most women will admit they work out to lose weight but student Bethany Tomlinson, 22, from Somerset had a different objective - to gain bulk and transform her slender frame. After ditching sugar and eating more protein, Tomlinson now has the athletic body that she dreamed of. (Pictured: Student Bethany Tomlinson before her transformation, and in more recent shots)
37 comments
1 video
2 shares
Revealed: Mystery unmarked grave discovered in a 12th century churchyard belonged to a four-month-old baby who died in 1987 
Earlier this month, bones were found after they were stumbled across in the grounds of St James' Church of England, near Stanstead Abbotts, in Hertfordshire.
1 comment
9 shares
Really tasteful! Drag queen who 'loves Greggs that much' gets a life-sized STEAK BAKE tattoo on his leg on TV
Danni Delonco from Newcastle, who is one half of drag double act Dragon and the Whale, has got himself a colourful tattoo of a Steak Bake to show just how much he loves the Greggs treat.
34 comments
99 shares
Skateboarding bulldog who taught himself how to ride stuns onlookers while racing around London park and barks with joy as crowd cheers him on
Footage of the stunt was posted online by book critic Imogen Russell Williams, 35, who said she was at the park in Hackney when someone shouted: 'There's a dog on a skateboard.'
12 comments
1 video
26 shares
Confused cat tries to CATCH the rain when she sees it fall for the first time 
As the after effects of Cyclone Cook passed through Dunedin, New Zealand, on April 14 Cosmos the confused cat had her first taste of precipitation.
2 comments
1 video
3 shares
Father who murdered air traffic controller he blamed for killing his family in a plane crash slams new Schwarzenegger movie based on him, saying it makes him look pitiful and doesn't show his victim's 'arrogance'
Vitaly Kaloyev stabbed air traffic controller Peter Nielsen after his family died. He claims the film Aftermath portrays him as a man 'begging for pity', while failing to capture Nielsen's 'arrogance'.
12 comments
1 video
61 shares
Is the world's smuggest proposal? Yoga enthusiast films the moment he pops the question to his girlfriend while balancing her body on his FEET at sunset in Hawaii
Alec Horan, 25, from Pennsylvania proposed to his partner Steph Gardner, 24, on a beach in Oahu, Hawaii, while he was performing an ambitious yoga move with her capturing her reaction on camera.
29 comments
1 video
10 shares
The price of vanity? Doctors squeeze PUS out of woman's forehead after dermal filler injections to reduce her wrinkles cause an infection
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT: Nong Guang, 41, from Thailand, was given the injections which are designed to reduce the effects of wrinkles two years ago.
51 comments
1 video
3.5k shares
Survivor of flat fire that killed his boyfriend, 19, and their friend 'saw flames coming out of their Hotpoint tumble dryer before their home filled with smoke' 
Garry Lloyd Jones, 50, lost his partner Bernard Hender (left), 19, and friend Doug McTavish (right), 39, in a blaze at his flat in Conwy, North Wales, in 2014.
comments
1 video
3 shares
Conman, who 'stole another man's baby' in sick scam with the child's mother poses in POLICE uniform on Grindr after serving less than two years in jail 
Chris Yates, 37, from Glasgow, who stole a father's baby for as little as £100 has appeared on Grindr posing in police uniform following his release from prison.
5 comments
8 shares
It's one thing after another! Samsung is in trouble AGAIN after Galaxy S8 customers receive handsets with 'faulty' red screens
Customers in South Korea who have received their pre-ordered Samsung Galaxy S8s were quick to discover a fault with the handset's super AMOLED screen, which display a peculiar red tinge.
5 comments
2 videos
10 shares
YouTube magic trick gone wrong as girl, 10, accidentally swallows a quarter - and it's been trapped in her intestines for more than a week
Morgan Renear, 10, was attempting a coin trick carried out by magician Criss Angel when the accident happened at her home in Rancho Cucamonga, California. She filmed herself with two quarters in her mouth but as she tilted her head back, Morgan swallowed one of the coins. The girl could be heard off camera trying to cough up the quarter and gasping 'I'm going to die'. X-rays showed the coin initially in Morgan's stomach before it moved to her intestines. Doctors had predicted the coin would pass within the first three days but it has been lodged in her intestines for 10 days now.
24 comments
1 video
18 shares
Good Samaritan attempts to help a frail pensioner cross the road but it spectacularly backfires when his car rolls into the elderly woman and knocks her to the ground 
The elderly woman tries to point out that the man's car is in neutral and rolling perilously towards the pair but he waves off her desperate pleas. It then knocks her to the road in Saare County, Estonia.
25 comments
1 video
18 shares
'We've already dated - and you dumped me by text!' First Dates viewers cheer on mother-of-two after she has to endure a VERY awkward reunion with an ex-boyfriend
In a fist-gnawing encounter in the new series of theChannel 4 show, Emma was faced with ex-lover Peter who'd dumped her by text - and blocked her from social media - 18 months ago.
68 comments
1 video
324 shares
First evidence that LSD produces a 'higher' level of consciousness is revealed in brain scans
Increased brain activity was recorded in scans of people who had taken magic mushrooms and ketamine, psilocybin and LSD by neuroscientists from the University of Sussex.
91 comments
1 video
61 shares
Do I HAVE to go back on? Eye-popping moment female physio works on injured footballer on the sidelines during a match... and he goes on to play the best game of his career
A masseuse for the Gold Coast Suns appeared to work wonders for star player Brandon Matera over the weekend in their AFL clash in Melbourne on Saturday night.
115 comments
1 video
2.2k shares
Is Barron Trump a Gunner? President's son is seen wearing a full Arsenal kit on the White House lawn 
Barron Trump was photographed on the White House lawn on Monday wearing a full Arsenal kit, as DC United players visited the annual Egg Roll for a kick-around with children.
2 comments
2.9k shares
Meet Lara: Facebook's first chatbot 'dating coach' will set you up with someone based on your interests
A chatbot called Lara, which is now available on Facebook Messenger in the UK, talks to singletons and helps learn about their interests before introducing them to other single people.
comments
1 video
1 share
From 'f***k mills' to the village of 'vomit': The German towns that translate into some VERY questionable English terms
Translated into English, the tiny German town of Kotzen literally means 'to vomit', while Fickmuhlen translates as 'f**k mills'.
44 comments
61 shares
Thug, 22, is banned from keeping dogs after being filmed grabbing his two pets by the scruff of the neck and chucking them across his balcony 
Grant Smith had his dogs confiscated and was banned from keeping pets after he was was filmed aggressively grabbing the animals and chucking them to the ground in Greenwich, London.
4 comments
1 video
1 share
Having a baby through IVF does NOT impact the future health of a child, experts say
King's College London experts have said the findings should bolster confidence in the fertility treatment which lets thousands of parents achieve their dreams of having children.
comments
6 shares
Olympic cycling golden girl and mother-to-be Laura Kenny reveals she and husband Jason plan to recycle their old baby clothes (and why the couple are determined to keep the sex a secret)
Laura, who is Britain's most successful female Olympian of all time, is expecting her first child with husband and fellow Team GB cyclist Jason Kenny, 29, this summer.
comments
1 video
6 shares
Can YOU find the odd leaf out? Optical illusion challenges eagle-eyed players to spot the rogue shape in the foliage
Released to mark Earth Day this weekend, the puzzle challenges eagle-eyed players to spot the one oddly shaped leaf in the tree's bright green foliage. Its creators at switchmybusiness.com say they included one lead shaped like a foot in the 'ocean' of leaves on the tree's branches, to highlight how important it is to be aware of the footprint we're all leaving on planet Earth.
33 comments
1 video
14 shares
What happens when two SEVEN-FOOT wrestlers go head to head? Incredible moment WWE's two most powerful stars break the ring 
WWE stars Braun Strowman and the Big Show literally put the smack-down on the wrestling ring after coming face-to-face for an epic battle on Monday Night Raw.
166 comments
1.2k shares
Birds are changing their songs to be shorter and deeper so they can hear one another over noisy traffic
Birds change their songs to ensure they carry over the noise of heavy traffic, allowing them to still call to mates and defend their territory, research from George Mason University in Virginia has found.
1 comment
1 video
2 shares
Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous
John Boyega, who grew up in Peckham, said he would be stopped at US airports 'every single time' when flying to auditions for Hollywood roles before he found fame with Star Wars.
7 comments
40 shares
Shocking CCTV shows a dog owner raining FORTY punches and kicks on his pet Staffie before pouring a pint of beer over it in a pub's beer garden
The ginger-haired man lashes out at the poor Staffordshire terrier before dragging it to the corner of the yard and forcing it to sit under a bench at a pub in Lewes, East Sussex.
72 comments
1 video
66 shares
Business secretary vows to get tough with rip off energy bills as research finds customers lose out to the tune of £1.2billion a year 
Greg Clark, the Business Secretary, has pledged muscular government action after a two-year report into the energy sector revealed customers lose out to the tune of £1.2billion a year.
1 comment
share
Autistic Briton, 21, who was jailed for grabbing a gun in a bid to assassinate Donald Trump is looking forward to cuddling his cat when he is released from jail next month 
Michael Sandford, from Surrey, was jailed for 12 months in December last year after trying to grab a policeman's gun at the then-presidential candidate's election rally in Las Vegas.
13 comments
6 shares
Italy's 'orgy island' where Marquis would hold wild parties so he could watch his actress wife have sex with younger men... before one day shooting her, a lover and himself
The island of Zannone off the west coast of Italy between Rome and Naples became synonymous with sex parties for years up until a dark double murder suicide in 1970. Having spent years practicing voyeurism and watching his actress wife Anna Fallarino (pictured left and bottom right with her husband) fornicate with strangers, her husband the nobleman Marquis Casati Stampa snapped and shot her, her lover and then himself in a double murder suicide.
53 comments
19 shares
Council officers seize a rave-loving pensioner's entire drum and base record collection after his fed-up neighbours complained about his blaring beats
Peter Tuppen (pictured), from Folkestone in Kent, received several warnings about his banging beats but ignored them. He had an enormous collection of music with more than 300 CDs.
104 comments
117 shares
Mother, 39, 'watched Jeremy Kyle on TV while her two-year-old daughter was dying after drinking methadone'
Maidstone Crown Court heard Lucy King, 39, watched The Jeremy Kyle Show on television as her daughter Frankie, two, lay dying after drinking methadone King poured out the night before.
14 shares
America's first drive-thru weed shop opens where it's 'as easy as ordering sushi' and there's a hidden 'soccer mom entrance' for people who don't want to be seen buying drugs 
The Tumbleweed Express will open its doors on Thursday in the quiet town of Parachute in Colorado. Customers can drive up, choose their order from a menu outside and pay for it indoors.
70 comments
1.1k shares
'She really took the p*** outta me': Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL'
Ed Sheeran was left with Galway GRILL tattooed on his arm after his friend deliberately misspelled the name of his hit single.
374 comments
1 video
144 shares
Bizarre moment woman tries to bring a dead pigeon back to life with chest compressions and mouth-to-beak resuscitation
The short clip shows the woman in Glasgow holding the dead bird's beak open with one hand as she blows into its mouth while clutching onto its body.
90 comments
1 video
959 shares
Mile-wide asteroid nicknamed 'The Rock' will be visible in the sky as it zooms close to Earth TODAY: Here's how to see it
Object 2014 JO25 will be visible as it passes at a distance of 1.1 million miles - or about 4.6 times the distance from Earth to the moon. It is due to pass today at 8:24AM ET (1:24PM BST).
22 comments
1 video
1.2k shares
Stunning Ryanair pilot flaunts her enviable life as she jets around the world (and says she wants to encourage more women to take to the skies) 
Ryanair pilot Michelle Gooris, 25, from Amsterdam loves to show off her enviable lifestyle as she jets around the world, but says the biggest perk of the job is flying planes and not the holidays.
35 comments
5 shares
Travellers pitch up at an 'illegal' camp for a week so mother, 29, can give birth via c-section
Mother-of-three Laura Lynch, 29, is among a group of travellers who parked their caravans on land in Horeston Grange, Warwickshire, yesterday, so she can go into labour.
2 comments
10 shares
Newly discovered rocky 'super-Earth' 39 light years away could be our best chance yet in the search for alien life
Scientists used telescopes based near La Serena, Chile, to spot the planet, dubbed LHS 1140b. Its large size means that a magma ocean could have existed on its surface for millions of years.
comments
1 video
4 shares
Meet the SUPERHUMANS: Researchers reveal how technology will turn future factory workers into cyborgs sooner than you think
Researchers claims that robots and people will work more closely together than ever before. This will involve tech-augmented human workers, both in factories and in offices.
comments
1 video
3 shares
WWII as if it were yesterday: Extraordinary collection of rare colour photographs reveal life as the people living through the war would have seen it 
Colour photographs in a new book from the Imperial War Museums vividly bring to life moments from WW2 including the Women's Auxiliary Air Force preparing parachutes for use during the invasion of Europe. There are also images of General Dwight D Eisenhower and his senior commanders at Supreme Allied Headquarters in London in February 1944 and Winston Churchill and his chiefs of staff in the garden at Downing Street in May 1945. They reveal life on the Home Front, with pictures of bombed out buildings, evacuee children and wounded airmen in their hospital blues alongside factories and female plane spotters. Images portray the fighting fronts, with rare photography of flamethrower tanks in action, Mustangs and Spitfires in flight and the RAF's top-scoring fighter pilot, Wing Commander 'Johnnie' Johnson, with his pet dog Sally.
340 comments
5.5k shares
Plane full of passengers is delayed for half an hour after a couple start fighting on the tarmac while boarding
A plane was delayed for half an hour after a couple started fighting on the tarmac during boarding at Kunming Airport in China. The incident took place on April 18 and the pair were detained.
16 comments
1 video
13 shares
Man, 40, ties up his older brother and chops off his hands and head in Indian village because he was fed up with him always teasing him
Villagers in Daundi Lohara, Chhattisgarh, were horrified when Suresh Kumar tied Chinturam, 45, up in a busy square in the middle of the afternoon and hacked away at him.
comments
16 shares
'We can never live there again': Father, 47, whose wife and son were stabbed to death in their house says they will find a new home after his 'happy family life' was shattered 
Devastated Peter Wilkinson, pictured with daughter Lydia, lost wife Tracey and son Pierce when they were stabbed to death at their £600,000 house in the West Midlands.
5 shares
Eliminating meat and dairy may prevent cancers from spreading and prolong survival - but would YOU be prepared to make the cut? 
Eating a diet free from the protein building blocks glycine and serine benefited mice with intestinal or a common blood cancer, according to scientists at the University of Glasgow.
4 comments
3 shares
Final Concorde ever made is unwrapped from protective cladding ahead of its unveiling as the centrepiece of a new £19m aerospace museum 
The iconic supersonic plane - number 216, registration G-BOAF - was the last of 20 to be built and it ha now been unwrapped ahead of the launch of the Bristol Aviation Centre.
1 comment
3 shares
Could umbilical cord blood be the key to eternal youth? Groundbreaking study claims the thing midwives normally trash is actually age-defying treasure
A new study, from Stanford University School of Medicine in California, has discovered that umbilical cord blood could be the key to reversing the effects of age-associated mental declines.
1 comment
4 shares
Keep your eyes on the ball! Brazilian football lineswoman sets pulses racing with her skimpy strip at amateur match
A Brazilian model swapped the catwalk for the touchline and set fans' pulses racing when she officiated a match - wearing a tight T-shirt and no bra. Stunning Denise Bueno, who has 33,000 followers on Instagram, was the lineswoman during a match between Desire and Sporting in Sao Paulo, Brazil. During the amateur game, the model took a sip of water from a bottle - only for it to spill down onto her white top (left). Later, she could be seen running down her half of the pitch as she kept up with the speed of play - and used the flag to signal for a throw in (right).
190 comments
2.6k shares
Britain's Iron Maidens: Within days of the outbreak of the First World War thousands joined the Women's Land Army and headed to the fields in the vital fight to fuel the nation from the Home Front
These fascinating photographs show how much was contributed to the First World War effort in Britain by the tens of thousands of women who joined the Women's Land Army.
20 comments
25 shares
Unlikely group of animals including rabbits, chicken, tortoise and even iguana feast on a vegetable buffet in adorable video 
The adorable clip shows rabbits, iguana, tortoise and even a chicken gather together to tuck into a huge plate of food at a farm in San Fernando, California.
23 comments
1 video
108 shares
Healthcare assistant, 21, 'is left scarred for life after a Wilko cafetière squirted boiling coffee into her face' leaving her burned and needing glasses
Justyna Williams, 21, of Torquay, sustained first and second degree burns to her face and permanent eye damage after claiming a Wilko cafetière 'sprayed boiling coffee on her'.
138 comments
5 shares
Could BOTOX treat depression? By blocking facial expressions the cosmetic procedure may prevent signals being sent to the brain that cause low mood
Depression is crippling, with symptoms ranging from feeling hopeless to physical pain. Dr. Eric Finzi of Chevy Chase Cosmetic Center, Maryland claims botox may suppress negative emotions.
17 comments
29 shares
Incredible 11-metre statue of Ramses II is unveiled in Luxor after being restored from 57 broken pieces
The statue was presented in a floodlit ceremony at the Luxor Temple on the banks of the Nile on Tuesday evening. When it was discovered between 1958 and 1960, the statue was in 57 pieces.
comments
1 video
1 share
Russian journalist known for being critical of Putin dies after being assaulted by unidentified gang
Nikolai Andrushchenko died of his injuries six weeks after the attack, which has been linked to his coverage of corruption in St Petersburg.
comments
104 shares
The Siberian 'Snow White': Albino girl, 8, with striking pale hair and porcelain skin is flooded with offers from modelling agencies
At just eight-years-old, 'strikingly blonde' Nariyana, from Yakutia in Siberia, is already in demand from modelling agencies. But her mum wants her to concentrate on her childhood hobbies of dancing and drawing for now. The albino, whose unusual looks have seen her nicknamed 'Snow White', is seen left in fur and a crown, above right with her dark-haired sister, Karina, and below right, with bright pink flowers contrasting with her porcelain skin.
70 comments
75 shares
How an asteroid impact would kill millions: Study finds 'unimaginable' winds and shock waves would rupture internal organs and be strong enough to hurl humans and flatten forests
Researchers for the first time ranked the effects from most to least deadly, or how many lives were lost to each effect.
2 comments
1 share
Terrifying moment a massive shark is seen circling a popular swimming spot - yet children 'jump into the water seconds after the sighting'
Carla Charlton and her family had stopped at Warnambool Breakwater for a break as they passed through the city on Victoria's south on Tuesday.
17 comments
1 video
162 shares
  IN GOOD HEALTH TODAY
DOES YOUR LIFESTYLE PUT YOU AT RISK FROM AIR POLLUTION?: Our investigation will make you think twice
PAINKILLERS ROBBED ME OF 27 YEARS OF MY LIFE: Pamela explains how she was horribly let down
COULD CROCUS BULBS CURE CANCER?: The life-saving flowers in your garden being used by drug companies
GOLD MEDAL FOR GUTS: As a boy, Alex's haemophilia meant even a cuddle left him bruised. Now he's a cycling champ
SPANDEX T-SHIRT TO STOP BACK PAIN: And how lots and lots of other products can help too
Today's hottestfashion finds
See more
COLEEN
Copy Coleen in a Zara khaki graffiti sweatshirt
Read more 
QUEEN
Keep up with Letizia in a colour block dress
Read more 
CHRISTINE
Get some flower power like Christine in this Topshop floral top
Read more 
KATE
Cosy up in a quilted jacket like the Duchess of Cambridge
Read more 
    MORE DON'T MISS
'In the mornings, we don't look like that!': Elsa Pataky insists she and her genetically blessed husband Chris Hemsworth aren't perfect ALL the time
Keira Knightley returns to Pirates Of The Caribbean after ten years as she makes fleeting appearance in exciting new trailer for the fifth installment
Coordinating couple! Christian Bale and his wife Sibi match all black looks at screening of The Promise in NYC
They matched their looks for the night
Not taking a hiatus! Lena Dunham looks casual in denim as she attends star-studded event... two days after Girls series finale
Showing her face
She's a natural! Youthful Elsa Pataky, 40, steps out in a sexy backless floral frock as ambassador for L'Oréal's Botanical hair care range
'Summer needs to hurry up!': Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shares throwback snap of herself flaunting her fabulous figure in strapless bikini  
It's in the jeans! Model Jessica Gomes cuts a casual figure in double denim as she steps out in Los Angeles
Recently launched her beauty range
That's a Cole lot of leg! Lily shows off her pins in shirt as she gets cosy with Inbetweenera' Simon Bird for The Philanthropist play
Diana and Sir Elton WEREN'T close, claims Wayne Sleep: Ballet star says Candle In The Wind singer didn't know the Princess that well
Harper, 5, and Romeo Beckham, 14, surprise their 'happy' mum Victoria with a birthday cake and a singalong at her SoulCycle exercise class in LA
SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's grooming story takes another dark turn as Bethany is raped by Nathan's friend... and Lucy Fallon admits her dad can't watch
'I drew a line in the sand': Jessica Chastain says she demands to know salaries of her male costars before agreeing to a role
'Hills' baby boom!' Whitney Port talks 'difficult' pregnancy as she praises fellow MTV castmates as 'responsible adults'
Baby, it's cold outside! Reese Witherspoon wraps up in a big black coat as she steps out in NYC
Celebrated Easter in Los Angeles
Summer babe! Home And Away star Pia Miller shows off flawless bikini body poolside as she soaks up the sun in LA
'Perfect!' Rande Gerber shares swimwear snap of wife Cindy Crawford as they mark the end of Coachella music festival
The 51-year-old sunned her famous physique 
'How did Hannah give birth to a black baby?' Girls under fire over casting of Lena Dunham's child in finale episode
EXCLUSIVE: Back to work! Meghan Markle heads to the Suits set after a blissful Easter weekend holed up in her Toronto pad with Prince Harry
Shades of grey! Salma Hayek is a smart traveler in casual chic outfit and chunky boots as she departs LAX
Glamorous in grey 
'People have been asking if we swing...' Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, displays her incredible physique in the Maldives with Robin Thicke, 40
'She looked really sad': Kylie Jenner and ex Tyga have 'awkward run-in' at Coachella just weeks after latest break-up
Tough times
'You know who you are': Luke Evans teases on Instagram that he has rekindled romance with Jon Kortajarena
They certainly made a handsome couple
Taking it in his stride! Edward Burns rocks gruff look as he hobbles in leg brace around NYC with help of a cane
One needs a leg up on the competition
Curvy model Jordyn Woods calls for the end of the 'plus-size' label as she admits she is 'nervous' about being in best friend Kylie Jenner's reality show 
'She was asked to audition': Britain's Got Talent star Sarah Ikumu 'scouted to appear on the show'... after being sent straight to semi-finals by the gold buzzer
How you can get Blake Lively's figure: Try the star's simple 3-step workout that targets all your major muscles in one session 
Enviable physique
Director's cut! Giggling Tom Cruise looks relieved as he lands in Paris by helicopter and leaves set after filming daring M:I6 - Mission Impossible scenes
James Packer's Hollywood adventure is over: Billionaire sells stake in RatPac venture despite hits The Revenant, Gravity and Birdman
Sofia Vergara displays fantastic legs in skinny jeans and heels as she heads out for a day of shopping in West Hollywood
Elsa Pataky reveals her husband Chris Hemsworth STILL hasn't learned to speak Spanish after SIX years together - despite promising her he'd learn it in TWO MONTHS
'Here's lookin' at you, Jen!' Reese Witherspoon pens sweet tribute to pal Garner for her 45th birthday
'It's the last thing she needs while heavily pregnant': Jennifer Metcalfe becomes the next target of hackers as 'nude photos of her are leaked online'
Amber Turner sizzles in thigh-skimming red playsuit for TOWIE filming... after 'breaking down in tears' over backlash from Dan Edgar split
'It can be right, and it's still wrong': Harry Styles FINALLY breaks silence on romance with Taylor Swift and hints his debut solo album has songs about Kendall Jenner
Beauty beyond years! Calvin Klein celebrates women of ALL ages in new campaign featuring models young and old, from Lauren Hutton, 73, to Uma Thurman's 18-year-old daughter Maya 
Queen Letizia, 44, looks younger than ever as she takes to the stage in a VERY trendy outfit at literature awards in Madrid
The 44-year-old looked younger than ever 
New dad Benedict Cumberbatch enjoys a country walk in the Cotswolds... after becoming a father for the second time
Heading out for a stroll
'She was salty!': Courtney Love claims Hollywood legend Elizabeth Taylor used an expletive to greet her when they met at a Hollywood party
'A great missed opportunity': Mark Hamill wishes Luke, Leia and Han could have shared one final scene together in The Force Awakens
'It's obviously his name': Disney assures Star Wars fans Han Solo IS his real name... despite confusingly hinting otherwise
Kevin Spacey will host Broadway's Tony Awards for first time... as actor jokes Neil Patrick Harris, Hugh Jackman were 'unavailable'
'They look so weird': Katie Price sends her fans wild over her heavily painted BROWS as she shares throwback snap of herself with baby Jett
Bathing beauty Kate Upton flaunts her famous hourglass figure in skimpy halterneck bikini on romantic break with fiancé Justin Verlander
Lucky she didn't cause a car accident! Olivia Culpo stuns in flannel dress and fishnet stockings as she struts down Hollywood Boulevard
'I love you so much mumma, forever': Bindi Irwin shares touching tribute to her mum Terri ahead of Mother's Day
Laura Whitmore cannot be missed in bold fashion-forward dress as she takes her play Not Dead Yet to Dublin
'I get that from my dad': Kendall Jenner reveals she's not as 'girly' as her famous sisters while looking a dream in tangerine for Harper's Bazaar
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez 'stay in gated luxury villa community where her ex Marc Anthony lives in the Dominican Republic'
Is that your downward dog, Ella? Health food guru posts picture of herself performing yoga
The 25-year-old posted the picture of herself doing a yoga handstand 
 Traveling in style! Jessica Simpson rolls $3,350 Gucci luggage and pricey Birkin bag as she leaves kids at home to jet out of LA with husband Eric
Damsel in denim: Kate Bosworth looks chic in baggy jeans as she arrives at LAX airport to a crowd of fans
She unveiled her sunglass collection 
Good things come in threes! Rose Byrne does frock treble... and defends her 'white savior' role in DNA drama
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz heads back to £5m mansion... despite speculation he is set to be evicted from singer's home
'You can save so many children!': Blake Lively talks cracking down on child pornography as she covers Variety's Power Of Women NY issue
Tummy trouble! Sheryl Crow flashes belly button by accident as her shirt comes open in NYC... as news breaks her 'ex' Kid Rock is engaged
'If you need me I'll be here': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid puts bump on display in tiny bikini
Bumping along nicely 
The new Smalls! The Sandlot child star Patrick Renna and wife welcome their first son into the world
The 38-year-old proudly announced news on Monday 
Fashion parade in Chelsea! Lottie Moss rocks near-identical ensemble to MIC's Frankie Gaff as they go low-key with frayed jeans and statement jackets
Amber Heard's father reveals she would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk who is worth $11.2bn - but a source claims the pair have no plans to tie the knot
From winter to spring in one day! Anne Hathaway models black leather before switching into sheer purple to promote new film in NYC
Boho chic! Naomi Watts, 48, looks radiant and youthful as she steps out in retro style outfit in New York
She's the Australian actress who is known for her effortless style.
Finding her inner hippie! Jennifer Love Hewitt wears Woodstock 1969 shirt with ripped jeans as she takes daughter Autumn shopping
Doting mother Emily Blunt cradles baby daughter Violet as she touches down in London for low-key Easter getaway
Rare public appearance
'Paradise': Love Island beauty Kady McDermott displays her toned derriere in a bikini as she enjoys romantic getaway with boyfriend Scott Thomas
Sienna Miller reveals she and ex Tom Sturridge are still 'best friends' and do bedtime with daughter Marlowe 'every day'
'Togetherness is ideal'
Getting on her Wick(s)! Megan McKenna appears riled as she chats on the phone during TOWIE filming... as saga with ex Pete rages on
'Channeling my inner Kylie!' Mollie King dazzles in gold halterneck bikini as she soaks up the sun at Coachella
Soaking up the sunshine
James Corden rips Star Wars and Girls in rap battle with actor Riz Ahmed... who fires back by branding Carpool Karaoke king a 'singing Uber driver'
Crossing the pond? Lana Del Rey tells Courtney Love she would like to live in London as she covers Dazed magazine
Why I'm shunned by Hollywood: Richard Gere says the studios won't hire him because his Tibetan activism will upset China
La La Anthony removes wedding bling as she steps out for first time since split from Carmelo... amid claims he 'got another woman pregnant'
Leg it! TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou looks sexy in a daringly short black mini skirt and perspex heels as she films scenes with Tommy Mallet
Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn slips into a skimpy scarlet bikini as she soaks up the sun poolside in Marbella
Ensured all eyes were on her once again
Billie Lourd shows off legs in mini skirt while hand-in-hand with beau Taylor Lautner on loved up stroll with her dog
The happy couple 
Lovely in leather! Anne Hathaway highlights toned legs in chic tights with off-the-shoulder sweater as she takes meetings in NYC
Katy Perry claims she 'wasn't allowed' to interact with gay people during strict evangelical upbringing and admits there was 'generational racism' while growing up
Olivia Buckland reveals she and Alex Bowen have set a date for the first Love Island wedding... and show host Caroline Flack is on the guest list
Ready to get wet! Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk poses in a bikini by a pool... after admitting she's hooked on Keeping Up With The Kardashians
Now Sofia Vergara's ex-fiancé Nick Loeb accuses her of violating his First Amendment rights in latest twist of legal saga over frozen embryos they made 
'Sun's out!' Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope displays her shapely bottom as she hits the outdoor pool in vibrant red swimsuit during stay at health spa
Jeremy McConnell and Stephanie Davis 'set for RETURN' to Celebrity Big Brother this summer alongside Rhian Sugden, Charlotte Crosby and Bear
Chantelle Connelly puts on raunchy display in gold lamé bodysuit... as she shows off her ample assets in a cheeky Instagram video
Tongues wagging 
'It looks like Halloween came early!' Pink-haired Pixie Lott is left with mascara running down her face as she gets doused with water while playing radio game
'I almost killed him!': Anne Hathaway says she nearly flew off old-school slide with young son when hitting a NYC park
Sliding away 
What a catch! Bella Thorne models fishnet top and stockings with very short skirt and kinky boots as she plugs Famous In Love in NYC
'You're an inspiration!': Kris Jenner pens birthday message to daughter Kourtney Kardashian on 38th birthday while sharing rare baby photos
Wrapping it up! Lucy Hale and Ashley Benson head to GMA in NYC as they promote Pretty Little Liars before big series finale
Janet Jackson's pal Gil Duldulao says she's 'not a gold digger seeking a $500M divorce settlement'
Open and honest 
Aloha! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shows off her bikini body as she hits the beach in Hawaii
Renovation expert jetted to the island destination
Katie Couric's face DROPS as she is asked to weigh in on Megyn Kelly and Tamron Hall shake-up at 'Today'
Katie Couric was all smiles on Monday night 
Leigh-Anne Pinnock reunites with footballer beau Andre Gray as she arrives back in the UK... after pining for her man on Little Mix tour
Has been missing him
Kym Marsh is stylish in stripes as she and daughter Polly, 6, head out for a family dinner date in Manchester 
Upstaged by her cute daughter 
Ready for The Bachelorette! Teen Mom vet Farrah Abraham reveals she wants to go on dating show... after confirming split from Simon Saran
Busty Ola Jordan flaunts her VERY ample assets in sizzling selfie as she continues to enjoy romantic break in the Maldives with her husband James
The (Esse)X Factor? Gemma Collins shows off her powerful singing skills as she croons along to Britain's Got Talent hopeful Sarah Ikumu
'It was all posturing bulls***': Mel Gibson threw an ashtray THROUGH a wall during Braveheart budget meetings with studio
Stephen Fry admits 'it's my fault' as tweeting luvvies line up to joke and comment on snap general election 
Candid confession 
Games Of Thrones star Lena Headey opens up about her struggle with depression, while urging her fans to forget societal 'bull***t' and embrace 'human realness'
She turned a street into her catwalk! Joanna Krupa looks stunning as she models green jacket and skinny jeans while strolling in LA
Model strut
Liv Tyler adds an edgy touch to her flowing black dress with a leather biker jacket as she steps out for fashion store opening in Tokyo
'When you let the girls run free!' Size 22 model Tess Holliday puts her curves on full display in a VERY sheer bra after meeting her idol Dita Von Teese in Las Vegas
Leaving Los Angeles! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in fitted crop-top after long weekend at Coachella... as she prepares for return to London
Big night? 5 Seconds Of Summer rocker Luke Hemmings looks weary as he leaves Hollywood hot-spot with Ashton Irwin
Lads on the town
Thirsty work! Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum showcases her toned bikini body as she sips cocktails and frolics in the sea on her lengthy Ibiza holiday
He's engaged! Kid Rock proposes to longtime girlfriend Audrey Berry with large diamond ring... 10 years after divorcing Pamela Anderson
'I lost four toenails and was covered in cuts and bruises!' Heavily pregnant Amy Childs suffers dangerous fall as she prepares to give birth 'any day'
Too much coffee? Cackling Vicky Pattison verges on hysterical as she excitedly arrives at the ITV studios in formal work attire
TV pro turned giddy
 The prince of darkness is back! Shock rocker Alice Cooper returns for Australian tour 40 years after his first trip Down Under
Leggy Lily Collins turns heads in a semi-sheer thigh-split gown as she steps out in London after receiving 'epic' message from Michelle Obama
Jennifer Garner is in very high spirits as she enjoys birthday lunch with a pal... after claims Ben Affleck has 'moved out of the family home and is dating someone'
'Taking selfies left, right and centre': Love Island star Malin Andersson spends £7k on cosmetic surgery so she can look good on Instagram
Who won the battle of the royal palace versus the pop princess pad? How Lady Gaga's sleek Malibu compound made William's Kensington study look stuffy
Anna Kendrick has girls' night out with her Pitch Perfect castmate Chrissie Fit in West Hollywood
The petite brunettes were both casual 
Back to Canada! Charles and Camilla will make an early summer visit to Ottawa to mark the country's 150th anniversary of the Confederation
She IS on the guest list! Meghan Markle is said to be attending Pippa's wedding on Prince Harry's arm despite her rule (but there's a bit of a catch) 
'Harry chose to follow in Diana's footsteps... she would be so proud': Former bodyguard to princess of Wales says her 'mischievous boy' has finally grown up 
'I am not just Holly's little sister': Neighbours star Olympia Valance opens up about finally stepping out of her sister's shadow
Going it alone
Travelling in style! Sofia Richie flaunts her flat stomach in a tiny crop top as she disembarks from helicopter following wild Coachella weekend
'It's time we got rid of this stigma around mental health': Kerry Katona speaks out on bipolar disorder... but plays coy when asked if she's pregnant again
'Baby, don't leave me!' Lily Allen gets candid about split from estranged husband Sam Cooper for the first time as she begs him to stay in emotional new ballad
'If people knew the truth, it would ruin him!': Marnie Simpson hints that she holds shocking secrets about Lewis Bloor... as she warns 'karma' will seal his fate
Bianca Gascoigne puts on a glamorous display in tight white dress as she enjoys night out at a London strip club
She's had an unlucky run when it comes to love
Luann de Lesseps' daughter Victoria, 22, arrested for DWI after 'driving without headlights'
Pulled over and taken into custody
'I'm so happy I'm having a boy': Pregnant Chanelle Hayes says she can't wait to welcome her second child... as she discusses pregnancy depression 
Fun in the sun! Brave Lisa Appleton throws caution to the wind as she goes BRALESS under a see-through kaftan in Spain
Who needs support?
SPOILER ALERT: Fate Of The Furious star Michelle Rodriguez reveals her character won't be playing nanny to Dom's baby in future instalments
Rose Byrne puts on a chic display in floral kaftan dress as she takes gorgeous 1-year-old son Rocco for a stroll in New York
Busy schedule break
The changing face of Letizia: THIRD version of the Spanish Queen's waxwork is unveiled in Madrid (and her latest likeness is already dividing opinion)
'It's never quiet': Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters wow in first international fashion campaign together, as the actor calls them 'volcanic'
Classically chic! Dakota Johnson shows off her understated style as she enjoys lunch with a pal  
In West Hollywood, California
Family getaway! Harper Beckham looks angelic in white dress as she goes hand-in-hand with doting dad David at LAX
All packed up
Cheeky! Trouser-free Hailey Baldwin suffers awkward wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her derriere in tiny T-shirt during post-Coachella pit stop
FIRST LOOK: Lisa Faulkner arrives in Walford as she makes her EastEnders debut as 'no-nonsense' businesswoman Fi Browning
Jared Leto goes low-key in a black surgical mask and sunglasses as he parties in the desert with a bevy of beauties at Coachella
Hollywood heart-throb
Prince William gets emotional after watching BBC documentary on mental health as he says his grief over his mother's death sparked his desire to campaign
'Literally fuming': This Morning fans left outraged after Theresa May dares to interrupt Eamonn and Ruth to announce a snap election
Lady Victoria Hervey shows off her incredible abs in festival-inspired crop top bikini as she relaxes by the pool after enjoying a weekend at Coachella
Carmelo Anthony 'slept with dancer who is now PREGNANT with his baby'... as it is revealed he has split with wife La La after seven years
Prior to his split from wife
Thirsty thief! Drake's six bedroom, $7.7million home 'is burgled by female fan' who 'ONLY takes mineral water from rapper's fridge' before arrest
Make-up free Tamara Ecclestone shops up a storm with her daughter Sophia... after she publicly SHAMES Beverly Hills hotel for 'horrible service'
After eight weeks, a dozen suspects and 100s of theories that had millions gripped, the beast of Broadchurch is finally unmasked. JAN MOIR gives her view 
Frozen in time: US home designed by renowned architect Frank Lloyd Wright that hasn't changed since it was built in 1960 is up for sale for £1million and includes ALL the furniture and fittings
Renowned architect Frank Lloyd Wright designed the 1960 Usonia home in St. Louis Park outside Minneapolis that hit the market at $1.4million and includes original custom designed furnishings and fixtures. The sloping home with massive open floor plan, three bedrooms, and four lush acres overlooking a nature preserve is a rarity and filled with custom designed furniture and cabinetry. Lloyd Wright fans will be delighted.
273 comments
946 shares
Beauty beyond years! Calvin Klein celebrates women of ALL ages in new campaign featuring models young and old, from Lauren Hutton, 73, to Uma Thurman's 18-year-old daughter Maya 
The American fashion house unveiled the ads, directed by Sofia Coppola, Tuesday and revealed a star-studded cast including 73-year-old Lauren Hutton and 41-year-old Rashida Jones.
32 comments
2 videos
33 shares
Llamas on the loose! Fourteen furry fugitives escape a German petting zoo causing havoc as they rampage through the streets 
The escapees, including nine sheep, two donkeys, one llama, a pony and a dwarf bull, slipped through a hole in the fence of their enclosure in Cologne on Tuesday and made a dash for freedom.
4 comments
20 shares
  by Taboola 
Sponsored Links 
From The Web
Using 1 tea bag makes sure you will never see another mouse or spider in your house.
Healthy living
Get The Latest TV Package Deals From £15.99!
Shopscanner.co.uk
Top 12 Action Cameras for Recording Your Adventures
Cool Tech
WORLD NEWS
'Children were dying in front of me': Heartbreaking moment war photographer tries to save wounded boy after Syrian bus attack... then breaks down after finding a young dead victim
Iran vows 'Death to Israel' as it unveils its latest missiles during National Army Day parades (but at least one looks like North Korea's 'fake' wonky rocket)
Turkey's main opposition fights to annul referendum handing the country's president sweeping new powers as Erdogan tells international critics: 'Talk to the hand'
Terrified survivors run for their lives after ISIS suicide car bomb explodes in Aleppo, destroying surrounding buildings
Desperate ISIS is in talks with Al-Qaeda about forming an ALLIANCE as the terror group faces defeat in Mosul, Iraq's vice president reveals
'Mastermind behind St Petersburg bombing' insists he did not organise it and did not know he was 'taking part in a terrorist activity'
Two 'ISIS terrorists' are arrested in Marseilles over 'imminent attack on French presidential election candidate' a day before Marine Le Pen was due to speak in the city
US 'sends two more aircraft carriers to Korean Peninsula' after Trump warns that Kim Jong-un has 'got to behave'
The six-year-old executioner: Small child assists ISIS killer beheading a prisoner in horrifying new footage
Russia unveils its new Arctic military base housing nuclear-ready warplanes as it seeks to claim the region's huge oil and gas reserves
Natascha Kampusch reveals she was too terrified to flee when her captor told her 'run, see how far you get'.... and still has a difficult relationship with her father ten years after she escaped
Marine Le Pen vows to suspend immigration, and 'protect' voters from 'savage globalisation' as she declares mass-migration 'a tragedy for France' ahead of Sunday's elections
Police are being given bonuses for killing suspects, are planting evidence and carrying out most of the 'vigilante' executions as part of President Duterte's drug war, senior cops say
Garbage piles up in Sri Lanka capital after 300-foot rubbish mountain is shut down following devastating collapse that killed 30 people
Brutal punishment for falling in love while living under sharia law: Couple are lashed 25 times with a cane for having sex before marriage in Indonesia
South African hunter is believed to have been eaten by crocodiles after human remains are found inside two beasts
Kim's Special Forces: North Korean despot unveils elite grenade launcher-wielding troops trained to defend him if Trump tries to 'remove' him from power
'The era of strategic patience is over': VP Mike Pence sends warning to Kim Jong-un as he pays visit to perilous Demilitarized Zone amid claims America sabotaged North Korea's missile launch with a cyber-hack
Trim Jong-un: North Korean men and women have a choice of just 15 approved hairstyles - but none match Kim Jong-un's distinctive cut
China and Russia send intelligence-gathering vessels to 'chase' Trump's 'armada' to North Korean waters
        VIDEO
WATCH: TODAY'S TOP SHOWBIZ VIDEOS
Watch video
Kerry Katona talks mental health battles on This Morning
Watch video
Gemma Collins showcases incredible voice as she sings along to BGT
Watch video
'Is she releasing an album?' Piers Morgan criticises Harper Beckham
Thanks sis! Khloe shares embarrassing drunk night out on Kourtney's birthday
The power of music: Toddler weeps as he is overcome with emotion while listening to a moving aria from a Puccini opera 
In adorable video footage little Ed Selden, pictured, from Link?ping in Sweden, bursts into tears almost immediately after his parents press play on the track as he is hit with the emotion of the aria 'O mio babbino caro'. It is a stirring piece from the 1918 one-act opera Gianni Schicchi in which the character Lauretta reveals her anguish and despair amid tensions between her father and the family of Rinuccio - the boy who she loves. As he weeps the toddler's father Tor puts his arm around the child who struggles to regain his composure as the sounds of the soaring soprano continue in the background. His father said: 'It shows what kind of emotions beautiful music can create, even in small children.' Researchers have long theorized on the power of classical and 'sad' music on our emotions. One study in Berlin found most people experience more than three emotions when listening to sad songs, provoking a more complex reaction than happy pop songs.
45 comments
1 video
26 shares
Is Rocky making a comeback? Two pensioners square up in a fight outside a care home (but it ends up with them looking for their glasses)
Two pensioners squared up for a fight on a patch of grass near their care home in Hebburn, near Newcastle, but it ended with the pair scrabbling around on the ground looking one for glasses.
63 comments
1 video
1k shares
Human hamster in a giant inflatable 'zorbing' ball brings traffic to standstill while rolling through a city centre and nearly knocks out a pedestrian who is crossing the street 
Passersby stopped and stared as the multi-coloured 'zorb' trundled into view in Perm, Russia - with the sphere appearing to nearly knock out a pedestrian crossing the road at one point.
11 comments
1 video
12 shares
MAC on... Broadchurch and the General Election 
...And now, to keep the excitement going, an election special broadcast, by Jeremy Corbyn...
3 comments
25 shares
Sleazy rider: Motorcyclist smashes into a car after taking his eye off the road to watch a girl TWERKING
A twerking woman caused a sickening crash when her dancing caused a biker to plough into an oncoming car.  A video has emerged of a brunette provocatively strutting her stuff on the side of a road in the Ukraine while her friend films.  As a motorbike can be heard roaring towards them, the woman turns around to cheer at him, but it appears to cause the rider to take his eye off the road and smash into a BMW.
42 comments
1 video
20 shares
    TOP SPORT STORIES
Mourinho publicly criticises Martial ahead of Europa League clash: 'He needs to give me things that I like'
Has had a difficult season at United 
Joseph IN, Hartley OUT and a Welsh surprise in 41-man Lions squad as Warburton is named captain 
Taking on the All Blacks 
Gatland is right to call this Lions squad his strongest... there is pace and power, experience and youth
CHRIS FOY'S VERDICT 
Sound of people having sex interrupts Sarasota Open tennis match as the crowd erupts into fits of laughter
Only in Florida... 
Ronaldo's incredible stats: His staggering hat-trick record for Real after hitting his 41st treble in just eight seasons
Goal machine 
Real could be about to break the Champions League curse... their win over Bayern Munich takes them closer to ending a 24-year record
No-one has retained title 
Simeone has gone from England's arch-villain to cult hero... but what makes him so special?
And will we see him in the Premier League?
Bayern star Vidal rages at 'clown' referee who 'robbed' them of a Champions League semi-final after defeat by Real Madrid
Angry man 
F1 in 2027? Renault reveal future vision with incredible concept car 
Transparent cockpits, LED lights and cars which 'interact' with each other and spectators
Terry is the last bastion of the Chelsea I fell in love with... he is the one constant in a club and a game that has changed dramatically
CHELSEA FAN VIEW
Arsenal confident that Wilshere will be back for next season as they confirm he has suffered fractured leg 
On-loan midfielder will miss the rest of season
Ronaldo can have an 'incredible' future as a centre-forward, says former United team-mate Gary Neville
Praise for hat-trick hero and scorer supreme 
Klitschko admits he may be boring but he's conquered it all ahead of Joshua showdown: 'I will not hold myself back'
Pedigree but not exciting 
Manchester United set to offer Herrera new £120,000-a-week deal
Ander Herrera will be offered a new contract at Old Trafford this summer
VIDEO
WATCH EDITOR'S TOP PICKS...
Watch video
Who will win in a food delivery race against Deliveroo?
Watch video
Stag party ROWS through airport
Watch video
Croc attacks baby elephant
Watch video
No hot shot when downing a drink
Watch video
Boy and chimps affectionate kiss through...
Pregnant dog has puppies kicking in stomach
Dog plays piano
Back to top
Home
News
U.S.
Sport
TV&Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Fashion Finder
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money
Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Terms Discount Codes Privacy policy & cookies  Sudoku, horoscopes, political analysis, news, Don't Miss, pictures, comment, Daily Mail, Mail on Sunday newspapers, sport, Westminster, opinion MailOnline - all the latest news, sport, showbiz, science and health stories from around the world from the Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday newspapers noodp,noydir,all text/html; charset=UTF-8 en General Living Document DXwlrsxbqxSv+FTFkWUfgflBvFJfx2YbNf/HmABrVyY= 12E6B4B813EB44C9BFC8F6A21F1D01F5 1a7e912afbfcab2f false true 15438913 146202712090395 Mail Online Home | Daily Mail Online   website MailOnline - all the latest news, sport, showbiz, science and health stories from around the world from the Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday newspapers http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/index.html http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/social/img_mol-logo_50x50.png 1622758588037001,164305410295882 MailOnline MailOnline / name=Register to Comment;action-uri=https://register.dailymail.co.uk/startRegister;icon-uri=http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/furniture/ie9/jmplstic_register.ico name=Login;action-uri=https://register.dailymail.co.uk/login?redirectPath=http://www.dailymail.co.uk;icon-uri=http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/furniture/ie9/jmplstic_login.ico name=Debate;action-uri=/debate/index.html;icon-uri=http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/furniture/ie9/jmplstic_debate.ico name=Columnists;action-uri=/debate/columnists/index.html;icon-uri=http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/furniture/ie9/jmplstic_debate.ico dailymail-fb://channel/home/ 384101264 MailOnline 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 77 78 79 80 82 83 84 85 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 185 186 187
