Technology News, Analysis, Comments and Product Reviews for IT Professionals | ZDNetEDITION: EU
SCANDINAVIA AFRICA UK ITALY SPAIN MORE
NEWSLETTERSALL WRITERS
Facebook, Google fight back: 'Draft hate speech law will gag free expression'
PLUS
Scouring Facebook for disturbing content: How risk to moderators is raising concerns
How new national cybersecurity center aims to make Poland a tougher nut to crack
Broadband access: Netherlands wins but there are surprising losers in EU rankings
Ransomware is now so awful it's actually making us take security seriously
JUST IN
Indigo subsea cable construction locked in with Alcatel contract
1 hour ago
Baidu, Harman to develop in-car AI solutions for Chinese automakers
3 hours ago
Mirantis enters the Kubernetes game and ups its OpenStack play
3 hours ago
Huawei admits P10 models are equipped with different types of flash memory
3 hours ago
Oracle launches Startup Cloud Accelerator in Brazil
4 hours ago
IBM uses deep learning to better detect a leading cause of blindness
5 hours ago
17 of our favorite Raspberry Pi projects
7 hours ago
In Obama's final year, US secret court denied record number of surveillance requests
7 hours ago
TODAY ON ZDNET
SPECIAL FEATURE
Riding the DevOps Revolution
READ
NOW














Marketo buys sales engagement platform ToutApp
Marketo plans to combine ToutApp's toolset with its ABM and sales insights portfolios.
10 hours ago by Natalie Gagliordi in Cloud
Google Home now supports multiple accounts with voice recognition
Up to six people can access their accounts on the smart speaker, simply by speaking to it.
10 hours ago by Stephanie Condon in Hardware
Sponsored
Outpace the Competition. Accelerate with Digital
“Standing still” is always the riskiest action to take when it comes to digital transformation. Download ON DIGITAL book to learn how to get ahead of your competitors
Sponsored by Open Text
Sizing up the Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus against the competition, in pictures
Take a look at just how big (or small) Samsung's Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are when compared to the latest and greatest smartphones from its competitors.
10 hours ago by Jason Cipriani in Smartphones
No more PIN codes. Mastercard's new credit card comes with fingerprint sensor
The fingerprint reader aims to target in-store fraud by reducing the need of PIN codes and signatures.
11 hours ago by ZDNet Editors in Security
Microsoft to roll out new Windows 10, Office feature releases twice annually
IT pros, mark your calendars. Starting in September 2017 with Windows 10 "Redstone 3," Microsoft will begin rolling out new feature updates to Windows and Office 365 ProPlus together, twice a year.
11 hours ago by Mary Jo Foley in Windows 10
VIDEO
Samsung Galaxy S8 dropped in water: See IP68 water resistance in action
VIEW
NOW









Alipay brand expands into Southeast Asia via Lazada
A year after Alibaba acquired a controlling stake in e-commerce operator Lazada, the latter's payment platform is rebranded to Alipay across four Southeast Asian markets including Singapore and Indonesia.
11 hours ago by Eileen Yu in Banking
Guidelines for building security policies
Building a successful set of security policies will ensure that your business stands the best possible chance of protecting company information, as well as safeguarding your customers, personnel, and reputation....
from Tech Pro Research
Microsoft bets big on DNA storage for digital data
DNA storage could allow vast amounts of data to be stored for thousands of years.
12 hours ago in Storage
AR, Voice platforms, and AI: Facebook positions itself for the future
While Facebook is winning big on the web and mobile, it faces looming challenges. At F8 2017, we'll get a look at how well it's preparing for the platforms of tomorrow.
13 hours ago by ZDNet Editors in Innovation
MasterCard debuts a credit card with a fingerprint sensor to fight fraud
The fingerprint sensor aims to target in-store fraud by reducing the need of PIN codes and signatures.
13 hours ago by Zack Whittaker in Security
Shopify now offers its own credit card reader
The e-commerce platform provider also announced a new online payment feature aimed at boosting mobile conversion rates.
13 hours ago by Natalie Gagliordi in SMBs
GALLERY
Best Google Chrome extensions
VIEW
NOW









LOAD MORE
  by Taboola 
Sponsored Links 
Recommended For You
How Hackers Stole $81 Million Dollars From A Bank
CNN for Zurich
If you own a computer you must try this game!
Vikings: Free Online Game
5 Compelling Reasons to Immigrate to the US from Europe
Global USA Green Card
NEWSLETTERS
ZDNet Announce UK
ZDNet's Announcements newsletter offers a mix of stories, special offers and members-only benefits.
SUBSCRIBE
SEE
ALL
Article
Security 101: Here's how to keep your data private, step by step
No more PIN codes. Mastercard's new credit card comes with fingerprint sensor
Microsoft bets big on DNA storage for digital data
AR, Voice platforms, and AI: Facebook positions itself for the future
Google to turn Chrome browser into an ad blocker
Baidu anticipates fully autonomous vehicles on highways by 2020
How do cybercriminals get business done?
Collection
How business leaders are embracing cloud services
INNOVATION
Baidu, Harman to develop in-car AI solutions for Chinese automakers
Data scientists really love their jobs, survey finds
How virtual reality is improving end-of-life care
Riverbed to acquire Xirrus to boost SD-WAN offering
NSW government calls for more input on Airbnb laws
Baidu powers up autonomous efforts with Bosch deal in China
MORE FROM INNOVATION
MORE RESOURCES
Using the Cloud to Improve Business Resilience (Japanese)
White Papers from IBM
READ NOW
HP Elite x3: A 3-in-1 signpost for business users
Case Studies from HPE
READ NOW
Cloud Data Management Tailor-Made For Your Business
White Papers from Veritas
READ NOW
Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter
eBooks from Nimble Storage
READ NOW
ZDNet
CONNECT WITH US
© 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement
Visit other CBS Interactive sites:
Select Site
CBS Cares
CBS Films
CBS Radio
CBS.com
CBSInteractive
CBSNews.com
CBSSports.com
Chowhound
CNET
College Networks
GameSpot
Last.fm
MaxPreps
Metacritic.com
Moneywatch
mySimon
Radio.com
Search.com
Shopper.com
Showtime
TechRepublic
The Insider
TV.com
UrbanBaby.com
ZDNet
TOPICS
ALL AUTHORS
GALLERIES
VIDEOS
SPONSORED NARRATIVES
ABOUT ZDNET
MEET THE TEAM
SITE MAP
RSS FEEDS
REPRINT POLICY
LOG IN TO ZDNET | JOIN ZDNET
MEMBERSHIP
NEWSLETTERS
SITE ASSISTANCE  text/html; charset=utf-8 IE=edge,chrome=1 en ZDNets breaking news, analysis, and research keeps business technology professionals in touch with the latest IT trends, issues and events. ZDNet website http://www.zdnet.com/ Technology News, Analysis, Comments and Product Reviews for IT Professionals | ZDNet ZDNets breaking news, analysis, and research keeps business technology professionals in touch with the latest IT trends, issues and events. http://zdnet3.cbsistatic.com/fly/bundles/zdnetcore/images/logos/zdnet-logo-large.png width=device-width, user-scalable=no, maximum-scale=1, minimum-scale=1 #080e14
