ZergNet - Discover Interesting ArticlesMenu
ZergNet
MOVIES
GAMING
ENTERTAINMENT
SPORTS
FOOD & DRINK
MEN’S LIFESTYLE
Learn More
Login
Things People
Believed 10
Years Ago That
Ended Up Being Wrong
In 2007, we were eagerly awaiting another Pirates of the Caribbean film and a Spider-Man movie. Beyoncé and Rihanna topped the charts, and everyone was wrapped up in the drama of the sexy doctors...
VIEW STORY
Bizarre 'Star Wars' Ripoffs You Didn't Even Know Existed
One of the most popular ways to make a quick buck in Hollywood is to rip off a hit movie on the cheap. It isn't exactly the noblest way to earn a living, but it has a long history in the film...
Cuba Gooding Sr. Dies Possible Overdose
Cuba Gooding Sr., a popular soul singer and father to the Oscar winner, was found dead Thursday in the San Fernando Valley ... TMZ has learned.
The Perfectly Pop-able Sweet Potato
What Every 'Pac-Man' Fan Should Know About the Game
Pac-Man is a unique cultural artifact. He's as minimal and enigmatic as a hieroglyphic, literally just a face (sometimes with arms or legs), like a refrigerator drawing Crayola'd up by a kid after...
Why Yondu From 'Guardians of the Galaxy' Looks so Familiar
Even though Guardians of the Galaxy's Yondu has a blue face and a metallic mohawk, he's still pretty familiar-looking to movie and television fans, and for good reason. The actor who portrays him...
Why People Are Still Talking About 'Skyrim'
How Bethesda's 2011 masterpiece – and the colossal online culture of fan art, memes, and music surrounding it – forever changed the game for fantasy RPGs.
Kaley Cuoco Teases 'Big Bang Theory' Season Finale
The “Big Bang Theory” may have been held up during lengthy contract negotiations, but Season 10 is moving right along. Kaley Cuoco revealed on Instagram that the cast is already filming the...
Eggs That are so Much More Than Just Scrambled
I consider eggs the most important food of all time. While that may seem like an exaggeration, I won't back down.
11 Lamest Ways To Die in Video Games
Why We Never Got To See a 'District 9' Sequel
In 2009, District 9 became the surprise hit movie of the year. On a relatively small budget of $30 million, the movie recouped that figure on its opening weekend in the United States alone. It...
Artists Literally Nobody Remembers That Had Huge Hits
We're all familiar with the one-hit wonder, but we're not here to talk about that. Rather, we're going to be discussing artists who were destined to remain unknown, who never had any business...
A Lava Cake That Trumps All Lava Cakes
Cakes with runny centers became a thing way back in the mid-'60s when a Texas housewife...
7 Virtual Reality Technologies That Failed Hard
These days, there's big money in 1990s nostalgia. Many of the pop culture fads of that decade have reemerged in new forms (like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, The X-Files, and the godawful Fuller...
8 Roles Everyone in Hollywood Went After
Some characters are destined to steal the show. But when it comes time to cast roles, crazy things can happen, and it’s impossible to predict who will end up in front of the cameras when they...
The Stunning Transformation of Pamela Anderson
There are very few out there who won't recognize the name Pamela Anderson. A model and actress, Anderson has been making big waves since her career began in 1989. Never afraid to create a bit of...
The Best Meatloaf I've Ever Made
When I was growing up, my mom never ever made meatloaf and I always wanted to try it - I finally tried it at a restaurant and loved it.
New Trailer for 'The Surge' Focuses on Combat
Developer Deck 13 Interactive have released a new trailer focusing on the combat system in their upcoming action RPG The Surge.  The Surge is due to be released on Xbox One, Playstation 4 and...
Why Clay From '13 Reasons Why' Looks So Familiar
Everyone's talking about Dylan Minnette's new Netflix series, '13 Reasons Why,' but the actor's been around much longer than this new series. Let's take a look at his transformation...
What 'It's Time for the Jedi to End' Really Means
Star Wars Celebration 2017 unveiled the first trailer for The Last Jedi, and Star Wars fans everywhere simply can't contain their excitement. Like any good trailer, it provided few, if any...
What Happens to Bill O'Reilly Now?
Bill O'Reilly is officially out at Fox News. The firebrand political commentator, who built a brand on straight talk and news without spin, had his contract terminated while he was on vacation in...
Healthy Breakfast Ideas With 5 Ingredients or Less
Mornings can be a struggle. And waking up with enough time to make a healthy breakfast is a level of difficulty that's off the charts. This week's featured foodie, Laura Lea, founder of the blog...
O'Neal and Lupe Fiasco to Compete in VIdeo Game Tournament
The stars will be joined by WWE diva Natalie Eva Marie and NFL star Reggie Bush to compete for charities of their choice in a single-elimination 'Street Fighter V' tournament from ELEAGUE that...
The Most Memorable Moments From Jessica Chastain's Career So Far
IMDb welcomes 'The Zookeeper's Wife' star Jessica Chastain as Guest Editor for March 31. Check out photos of Jessica's career on the big and small screens.
A Beef and Veggie Stir-Fry You Won't be Able to Get Enough Of
You probably know phat khii mao as drunken noodles. But what you might not know is that the dish actually originated without noodles, Andy Ricker tells us. It started out as a stir-fry of just...
Speedrunners Are Already Conquering 'Breath of the Wild'
The first Zelda: Breath of the Wild 100 percent speedrun has been completed by French player Xalikah, and it clocks in at just under 50 hours.
The Incredible Transformation of Tom Hardy
Let's take a look at Tom Hardy's most memorable on-screen roles so far...
9 Healthier Girl Scout Cookie Recipes
The 'Warhammer' Universe Expands With 'Man O' War: Corsair'
For more than twenty years, Warhammer fans have been doing battle at sea in the Man O' War board game. Today, its blend of seafaring strategy hits the PC, as Man O' War: Corsair is officially...
Jake Gyllenhaal Didn't Always Look Like This
Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
'The Situation' Could Face Up To 20 Years in Prison
The 34 year old reality star has reportedly been hit with a serious tax dodging charges again and this time, he could face up to 20 years in prison. Reports claim Mike and his brother were...
Hernandez's Body Released to Funeral Home After Autopsy
Aaron Hernandez's body was released to a funeral home following an autopsy, but government officials on Thursday refused to release more information about the circumstances behind his apparent suicide
Family Favorite Easy Bake Spaghetti
Family favorite spaghetti gets a cheesy topping and baked until golden brown in the oven for a tasty twist on the weeknight staple.
14 Things You Might Not Know About 'Carmen Sandiego'
In the 1990s, the rising affordability of home computers brought about the “edutainment” trend, where companies tried to use computer games to teach kids—and to convince their parents—that...
10 Binge-Worthy Sci-Fi Shows to Watch Right Now
Why have an ordinary holiday when you can spend it with the renegade crew of 'Firefly,' time travel with Dr. Who or explore alternate dimensions with one of the many 'Stargate' series?
Refreshing Spring Pie Recipes Perfect for Any Occasion
This is a great no-bake cake to make any time. The recipe is super easy to follow, and the final product is super delicious. Pair this tasty chocolate and coffee pie with your favorite cup of coffee.
The Only Margarita Recipe You'll Ever Need
The Margarita is one of the most popular cocktails in North America—for good reason.
Awesome 'Free-to-Play' Games That Cost Nothing
People, we're in the golden age of sitting on the toilet. Never has there been as much entertainment available to us at our greasy fingertips than there is today, whether spending some quality...
6 Things You Never Knew About This 'Iron Fist' Star
Jessica Stroup is best known for her roles on '90210' and 'The Following,' but in 2017 you'll know her as Joy Meachum on the latest Netflix Marvel series, 'Iron Fist.' Here are 6 things to know...
Hernandez Death Ruled Suicide By Hanging, Suicide Notes Found
Aaron Hernandez's death has been ruled a suicide by hanging by the medical examiner and officials say they recovered 3 handwritten suicide notes.
A Fruit Pot Pie Recipe With a No-Fuss Crust
Pie is one of the trickiest desserts for me to make, so I typically just avoid them at all costs. But with this simple idea, you can cook up seasonal fruit, making pretty, personal-sized fruity...
     en en text/html; charset=UTF-8 100003356974192 286024868122055 width=device-width, initial-scale=1
