NYMag - Politics, Entertainment, Fashion, Restaurants & NYSubscribe
Give a Gift
Digital Edition
NYMAG.COM DAILY INTELLIGENCER VULTURE THE CUT SELECT ALL SCIENCE OF US GRUB STREET THE STRATEGIST
FOLLOW:
LOG IN REGISTER
Travel Design Weddings Real Estate Doctors NYC Tourist Guide Best Of New York Shop The Strategist Subscribe NEW: The Job Pop-up Blog
Why Everyone Loves the Alpha Girl
Psychologists deconstruct the power of the most popular girl in school.
Melissa Dahl
Plus
Social Media Ruined Popularity
ART AND DESIGN
Is Political Art the Only Art That Matters Now?
The art world is going to war with Trump.
Carl Swanson
THE STRATEGIST
Everything You Need to Stop Sweating
Carlo Dellaverson
There’s a Lot of ‘Fashion Nike’ on Sale Right Now
21 Gifts For Stoners You Can Buy on Amazon
Subscribe Today
Get the latest issue, plus the best of nymag.com in our all-in-one app.
Subscribe to New York Magazine »
Download the New York app »
POLITICS
Trump’s Ego Could Cause a Government Shutdown
The 100-day mark of the Trump presidency could cause its own crisis.
Ed Kilgore
GRUB STREET
New York’s Most Innovative Chef Swaps Fine Dining for Doughnuts
At Du’s Donuts and Coffee.
Alan Sytsma
BACK STORIES
A Deep Dive Into How Kendrick Lamar Made DAMN.
GALLERY
What We Learned From the First Photos of Game of Thrones Season 7
Thrones season is approaching.
Nate Jones
LISTS
17 Movies to See at the Tribeca Film Festival This Year
Including A Suitable Girl, Flower, Dabka, and My Friend Dahmer.
Emily Yoshida and David Edelstein
CANDY
Use This Trick to Figure Out If You Smell
The Makeup Collection My Friends Can’t Stop Texting Me About
Baristas Are Having Meltdowns Over Starbucks’s Unicorn Frappuccino
More Candy
Latest News
Daily Intelligencer
Vulture
The Cut
Select All
Science of Us
Grub Street
Latest News
Police Officer Killed in Possible Terror Attack on the Champs-?lysées in Paris
Two other officers were wounded, and the gunman was also killed.
Britain’s Upcoming Election Could Be Brutal for Jeremy Corbyn and the Labour Party
Theresa May certainly seems to think she has her political opponents on the ropes.
Trump Goes After the Times for Its Attempt to Mock Him Over Patriots Crowd Size
We’re going to be comparing crowd sizes for the next four years, aren’t we?
The Cut
Indiana University Bans New Student Athletes With History of Sexual Violence
This policy applies to both incoming freshman and transfers.
Trump Discussed Political Correctness and the ‘Counterproductive’ EPA With the Right’s Favorite Celebrities
The president hasn’t looked this happy in months.
The Cut
Former Fox Employees Say the Network’s Culture Enabled Harassment
“The culture is still there because the executives are still there.”
North Korea Threatens ‘Super-Mighty Preemptive Strike’ Reducing U.S. Military to ‘Ashes’
The warning comes after Tillerson says the country may be designated a terror sponsor.
Daily Intelligencer
More Daily Intelligencer »
5:44am
Obama (Sort of) Wades Into the French Presidential Race
The president took a break from vacationing to call candidate Emmanuel Macron.
3:03am
Montana Special-Election Candidates Shoot Screens With Guns
To prove he supports gun rights, Democrat Rob Quist shot a screen with a gun. To prove Quist opposes gun rights, his rival shot a screen with a gun.
2:56am
Jeff Sessions Insults Hawaii by Suggesting It’s Not a Real State
The attorney general is “amazed” a judge on “an island in the Pacific” is allowed to make rulings that affect the rest of the country.
2:25am
Police Officer Killed in Possible Terror Attack on the Champs-?lysées in Paris
Two other officers were wounded, and the gunman was also killed.
1:36am
Britain’s Upcoming Election Could Be Brutal for Jeremy Corbyn and the Labour Party
Theresa May certainly seems to think she has her political opponents on the ropes.
1:14am
Trump Goes After the Times for Its Attempt to Mock Him Over Patriots Crowd Size
We’re going to be comparing crowd sizes for the next four years, aren’t we?
9:30pm
Trump Discussed Political Correctness and the ‘Counterproductive’ EPA With the Right’s Favorite Celebrities
The president hasn’t looked this happy in months.
Vulture
More from Vulture.com »
4:30am
Theater Review: And the Word On Bette Midler as Dolly Levi Is…
It’s so nice.
4:20am
The X-Files Will Return for Season 11, and There’s A Magic Eye Poster to Tease You
Mulder and Scully for eternity.
2:42am
Rachael Leigh Cook Remade Her ‘This Is Your Brain on Drugs’ PSA, But With a Twist
Turns out the brown eggs and the white eggs aren’t having the same experience in America.
1:37am
You Can Thank Donald Trump If Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young Ever Reunite
News just as sweet as Judy’s blue eyes.
1:48am
Kim Zolciak Is Returning to Real Housewives of Atlanta
NeNe Leakes has not yet confirmed her return.
1:44am
Clint Eastwood’s Next Movie Will Depict the 2015 Paris-Train Terror Attack
The movie is based on the summer 2015 Paris-train terrorist attack that was thwarted by three Americans.
1:39am
Let’s Revisit Bill O’Reilly’s ’90s Novel About a Villainous TV Newsman Who Murders His Colleagues
You can’t make this stuff up.
1:30am
Will There Be Another Hollywood Writers’ Strike? Here’s Everything We Know So Far
The union has sent a letter to its members calling for a strike-authorization vote.
The Cut
More from TheCut.com »
3:11am
Drinking White Wine Raises Your Risk of Developing Rosacea
It makes you feel the burn.
2:28am
Women’s March Co-Chairs on Race, Pussy Hats, and Controversy
A co-chair reminded the audience that “all pussies aren’t pink” at a Vanity Fair event.
2:26am
Ivanka Trump Will Not Be Taking Women Who Work on Tour
To “avoid the appearance of using [her] official role to promote the book.”
2:00am
A Street-Style Book for Your Shoe Obsessions
Photographer Suzanne Middlemass shoots eccentric shoes around the world.
1:41am
The Death Knell of the Off-the-Shoulder Top Has Sounded
In the form of Sarah Palin, who wore one to the White House.
1:28am
Can You Survive a Day With Goop?
$500 for a ticket to the Goop wellness conference.
1:00am
See How Sienna Miller Outgrew ‘Boho Chic’ Style
All of the actress’s best looks throughout the years.
1:55am
Indiana University Policy to Ban New Student Athletes With History of Sexual Violence
This policy applies to both incoming freshman and transfers.
1:45am
Gucci Cast Aliens in Its New Campaign
Yes, those are extraterrestrial models — just in time for 4/20.
Select All
More from Select All »
2:39am
Juicero CEO Breaks Silence: ‘The Value of Juicero Is More Than a Glass of Cold-Pressed Juice’
You can return your expensive juice press if you want.
1:19am
Google Home Just Got a Lot More Useful for Actual Homes
Your Google Home speaker will now support multiple users — and can recognize you just by the sound of your voice.
1:27am
Sarah Palin, Kid Rock, Ted Nugent, and Donald Trump Walk Into the Oval Office
The pictures from the night are something else.
8:20pm
College Student Busted Renting Out Dorm on Airbnb
A steal at $85 bucks a night.
7:48pm
Documents Suggest ‘Meme Magic’ VR-Whiz Palmer Luckey Donated $100,000 to Donald Trump’s Inauguration
All big companies do it.
6:41pm
Google Is Considering Building Ad-Blocking Directly Into Chrome, Which Is a Terrible Idea
The online advertising giant seeks to directly control its competitors.
6:09pm
The Only Good Way to Declare Feelings for Someone in 2017 Is a Spotify Playlist
Stringing together song titles into semi-coherent sentences is this week’s best meme.
April 20 at 3:12am
Facebook Gets Far Out With Futurism at F8
Day two of F8 felt a lot more like a sci-fi novel than a tech conference.
Science of Us
More from Science of Us »
1:23am
Use This Trick to Figure Out If You Smell
Most of the time, your nose can’t detect your own body odor.
9:33pm
Why Everyone Loves the Alpha Girl
Psychologists deconstruct the power of the most popular girl in school.
7:28pm
Parents Should Let Children Be Their Gender-Nonconforming Selves
There seems to be a recent, nobly intentioned uptick in parents insisting children play and dress in gender-conforming ways.
5:46pm
Here’s an Interesting New Video Series on Psychology and Climate Change
It covers a lot of ground, from the best messaging approaches to how to get people to act in more energy-efficient ways.
4:30pm
Stop Worrying That You Worry Too Much
Done right, it can actually be a pretty useful activity.
April 19 at 9:36pm
So Many Millennials Are Living at Home, But They Aren’t Burnouts
New census data shows that this trend really has grown staggeringly, but that most young people living at home are working or in school.
April 19 at 8:45pm
The Weirdness of Juggling Many Different Roles at Work
It can be draining. But it doesn’t have to be.
April 19 at 6:36pm
Sharing Workout Results With Your Friends Pushes You to Exercise Even Harder
A new study found our social networks can encourage us to exercise.
Grub Street
More from GrubStreet.com »
1:45am
Baristas Are Having Meltdowns Over Starbucks’s Unicorn Frappuccino
As one sums up, “I wanna die.”
1:11am
There’s a GoFundMe to Send This Popular Halal-Cart Worker on Vacation
He told the New York Times his family dreams of taking a Caribbean cruise.
10:52pm
Adam Platt and Jerry Saltz on Susan Cianciolo’s Run Restaurant Untitled
“This meal made me miss the idea of someone simply entertaining you in their own way … it felt selfless.”
8:13pm
New York Bakers Plan a ‘Day Without Bread’ to Protest Immigration Crackdown
A campaign urges the city’s bakeries, restaurants, and cafés not to sell any bread tomorrow.
7:02pm
People Want the FBI to Give McDonald’s Workers the Facebook Killer’s Reward
The crew that helped stop Steve Stephens did earn the $50,000.
7:00pm
The Absolute Best Kids’ Play Space in New York
Five places where kids can run wild and parents can enjoy the ride.
6:52pm
GQ’s ‘10 Best New Restaurants of 2017’ Includes Aska, Han Oak, and Side Chick
Plus a Japanese-Texan izakaya and Michael Solomonov’s Jewish luncheonette.
5:10pm
Why Did New York’s Most Innovative Chef Swap Fine Dining for Doughnuts?
At Du’s Donuts and Coffee, a modernist chef is focusing all of his creative energy on doughnuts that are both familiar and totally new.
Most Popular
Most Read
1
Fox News Has Decided Bill O’Reilly Has to Go
2
Saoirse Ronan, a Hero, Intentionally Misspelled a Tattoo She Gave to Ed Sheeran
3
People With This Personality Trait Literally See the World Differently
4
So Sarah Palin, Kid Rock, and Ted Nugent Walk Into the White House
5
When Women Pursue Sex, Even Men Don’t Get It
6
Tess Holliday Says She’s Boycotting Uber After a Driver Kept Discussing Her Weight
7
Trump’s Ego Could Cause a Government Shutdown
More Stories Other Readers Liked
After Her Sugar Sphinx, Kara Walker Is a Whole Different Kind of Public Figure
And she’s figuring out a whole new approach to public art.
6.6k Shares
With Rumors, Scandal, and a Record Budget Shortfall, What Broke the Met?
What a difference a year can make.
Fox News Has Decided Bill O’Reilly Has to Go
His replacement in the 8 p.m. slot is Tucker Carlson.
47.3k Shares
The Duke Lacrosse Scandal and the Birth of the Alt-Right
The case looms large in U.S. political culture.
1.4k Shares
You’re Not Ready for Black Panther’s Stunning New Spin on Superhero Movies
Not the average Marvel flick.
16.7k Shares
My Life As a Failed Artist
An art critic returns to the work he abandoned — but never really forgot.
6k Shares
An obsessively edited internet emporium
What Carole Radziwill Can’t Live Without
‘Fashion Nike’ on Sale Right Now
This Divoted Pillow Cured My Neck Pain
Everything You Need to Stop Sweating
The 11 Best Water Bottles on Amazon
LIST
What to See, Hear, Watch, and Read
PLANNER
Travel: Wine and Outdoors in Sonoma
RANKINGS
The Absolute Best of New York
PLANNER
Your Weekend Agenda
NEW YORK CITY GUIDE:
Restaurants
Bars
Stores
Spas
Movies
Music
We’re on Instagram
Follow @nymag and get even more New York on the go!
FOLLOW US
New York on your iPad and iPhone
Get the best of nymag.com and the magazine in our new all-in-one app.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
Looking for past issues?
Did you miss an issue on the newsstand?
FIND IT HERE
SPONSORED New York’s Leading Lawyers Family Law Practitioners Women Leaders in the Law Personal Injury Litigators
nymag.com News & Features Restaurants Bars Entertainment Fashion Shopping Agenda Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Select All Grub Street Science of Us Marketplace
Privacy Terms Site Map About Us Contact Us Media Kit RSS Newsletters We’re Hiring!
Copyright © 2017, New York Media LLC. All Rights Reserved. Vulture® and Grub Street® are registered trademarks of New York Media LLC.   width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1, minimum-scale=1 NYMAG and New York magazine cover the new, the undiscovered, the next in politics, culture, food, fashion, and behavior nationally, through a New York lens. New York magazine, nymag, new york metro, shopping, restaurants, nightlife, culture, fashion, theater, nyc, manhattan, brooklyn Homepage NYMag Homepage Homepage Online Homepage/NYM summary @NYMag 120608177953522 http://nymag.com New York Magazine http://nymag.com/img/nymag-1500x1500.png website NYC Guide to Restaurants, Fashion, Nightlife, Shopping, Politics, Movies New York Magazine New York New York Magazine #000000 /img/tiny.png /img/square.png /img/wide.png /img/large.png frequency=30;polling-uri=http://notifications.buildmypinnedsite.com/?feed=http://feeds.feedburner.com/nymag/intelligencer&id=1;polling-uri2=http://notifications.buildmypinnedsite.com/?feed=http://feeds.feedburner.com/nymag/intelligencer&id=2;polling-uri3=http://notifications.buildmypinnedsite.com/?feed=http://feeds.feedburner.com/nymag/intelligencer&id=3;polling-uri4=http://notifications.buildmypinnedsite.com/?feed=http://feeds.feedburner.com/nymag/intelligencer&id=4;polling-uri5=http://notifications.buildmypinnedsite.com/?feed=http://feeds.feedburner.com/nymag/intelligencer&id=5; cycle=1 2eKdBSi3JcdTDMQ0d3aQmsSbCZjSWpv8aWZxacPpqTc app-id=565126323, affiliate-data=ct=SmartAppTest&pt=317926
