Metro.co.uk: News, Sport, Showbiz, Celebrities from MetroThis site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more
NEWS... BUT NOT AS YOU KNOW IT
TRENDING
HOME
NEWS
SPORT
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
VIDEO
MORE
SEARCH METRO
115.7M
SHARES
Gunman kills one police officer and shoots two more near Champs-Elysees in Paris
ISIS have claimed responsibility for the attack.
Couple facing jail after staging their baby's death on a London bus
They brought their child's lifeless body onto the bus before raising the alarm. .
Nigel Farage rules out standing as candidate in the general election
He will stay as an MEP instead.
Thousands of weed smokers descend on Hyde Park for 4/20
Time to legalise?
Miss Italy finalist reveals scars after 'ex-boyfriend threw acid on her face'
Her ex-boyfriend has been detained by police.
Horrific scale of landlords offering sex for rent in the UK
'Any homeless single stunning females out there'.
Can you see why a woman found this Kinder Surprise toy offensive?
'I can’t fathom who would think it appropriate for children.'
Subway worker reveals how to get free food & says you should avoid the meatballs
'You'll be told the meatballs are fresh no matter what.'
This guy was trolled hard by Mercedes after asking for a free car
Well, what did he expect?
Rachel Dolezal explains again why she pretended to be black
She is promoting her memoir.
What does 4/20 mean?
No, 420 is not the police code for someone smoking weed.
Chuckle Brother Jimmy Patton, 85, marries 26-year-old fan he found on Facebook
The pair have a 59 year age gap.
Rachel Riley struggles to keep a straight face after rude word on Countdown
Whatever next?
How do you know if you're being stalked
There is one major way to determine if you are being stalked.
Cersei Lannister is a badass on the Iron Throne in new Game Of Thrones pictures
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die.
BBC Proms director asks Star Wars, Harry Potter fans to cosplay for John Williams tribute
And the BBC Proms director is desperate to see some cosplay.
Why student-teacher relationships are never okay
Your desire to bonk someone young and pretty is less important than their education.
JUST IN
Games Inbox: Do you like video game remasters?
Roy Keane gives Marcus Rashford some advice despite incredible display
Freddie's Hollyoaks exit revealed as he goes on the run - after killing Nick?
Will Warren kill Joel as he discovers the truth about Bart's death in Hollyoaks?
No wonder they're 5th! Roy Keane DESTROYS Man Utd despite Europa win
Greggs only went and gifted Ed Sheeran a box of sausage rolls ahead of his Newcastle gig
A fridge-raiding burglar broke into Drake's home - and he asked police to drop the charges
WHAT'S TRENDING NOW
More trending stories »
Zlatan Ibrahimovic suffers horror injury against Anderlecht as knee bends wrong way
The evidence: Manchester United missed FOUR exceptional chances
Jose Mourinho just achieved something not seen since the Sir Alex Ferguson era
Man Utd 2-1 Anderlecht player ratings: Rashford puts in the performance of his career
Mourinho hints Man Utd misfit may have finally won him over
MOST WATCHED VIDEOS
More videos »
We asked 4/20 smokers about the general election
World's first electric jet capable of vertical take off
Cabbage singer performs with his hands down his trousers
Man tries to help and everything goes wrong
ENTERTAINMENT »
More Entertainment »
Greggs only went and gifted Ed Sheeran a box of sausage rolls ahead of his Newcastle gig
Born To Kill episode 1 review: Totally grim but it was hard to look away
A fridge-raiding burglar broke into Drake's home - and he asked police to drop the charges
Celebrities told to make it clear when they're advertising on Instagram
Ellen DeGeneres used 4/20 to sell her merch because she's a genius
Loose Women's Andrea McLean revealed her Janet Street-Porter impression on Celebrity Juice
Jo Brand is returning to host Bake Off spin-off An Extra Slice
LIFESTYLE »
More Lifestyle »
Posh bashing is a small price to pay for a flotilla of privileges
Smoking weed out of a unicorn bowl is the most blessed way to get high
Guy hilariously advertises spare room using a life-size toy T. Rex
Exercise can be contagious - particularly for women
KFC has just been added to Just Eat so you never need go without fried chicken again
Subway have launched their own delivery service through Facebook messenger
For the past five years, my life has revolved around the toilet
NEWS FEED
Surge in bets for Jeremy Corbyn to be the next prime minister
More people are betting on Labour to win.
1.3k shares
Premier League quickest players: Marcus Rashford 2nd; no Chelsea or Arsenal stars in top 5
Only one player is quicker than Rashford.
1.3k shares
Manchester United's £85m transfer edges closer
His club are powerless.
1.8k shares
Thugs locked helpless dogs in car and burned them to death 'for fun'
Animal activists have been left outraged.
889 shares
Jeremy Corbyn warns he won't 'play by the rules' in first major pre-election speech
And he denied the outcome of the vote is a 'foregone conclusion'.
646 shares
HEALTH
Theresa May might do a 'televised Q+A' after all - but no debate
SEX AND DATING
8 things nobody will tell you about being a male stripper
We live in an age of gender equality so why do we still think men should pay for dates?
Spring weekend breaks: 15 reasons to visit Utrecht right now   IE=edge,chrome=1 width=device-width, initial-scale=1, minimum-scale=1, maximum-scale=1 True 320 telephone=no on Metro LeMDJtEkFI9nhykTNIyjEFjWsywI4Emu0vB1VDmeMVU on Metro.co.uk: News, Sport, Showbiz, Celebrities from Metro corrections and clarifications, metroku, clockword, home, africa, asia, insights, competitions cat, advertising, platforms - more metro, audience, yourpix, awards, careers, more metro, cars, rugby league, video, horse racing 11110DC8D42E74E13F24B3A18E7CFB8A WordPress.com en_GB Metro website http://metro.co.uk/ Metro.co.uk: News, Sport, Showbiz, Celebrities from Metro Metro https://s0.wp.com/wp-content/themes/vip/metrouk/img/branding/metro.co.uk/metro.co.uk-white-on-orange.png 1200 720 https://s0.wp.com/wp-content/themes/vip/metrouk/img/branding/metro.co.uk/metro.co.uk-white-on-orange.png Metro Metro.co.uk: News, Sport, Showbiz, Celebrities from Metro summary_large_image @MetroUK 176908729004638 138749160 Metro width=device-width;height=device-height Metro.co.uk: News, Sport, Showbiz, Celebrities from Metro name=Subscribe;action-uri=http://metro.co.uk/feed/;icon-uri=http://1.gravatar.com/blavatar/72ba1fb4e57339685f67d1d89b3db216?s=16
