TOP STORIES | DW.COMDW.COM IN 30 LANGUAGES
DW AKADEMIE
ABOUT DW
Deutsche Welle
TOP STORIES
MEDIA CENTER
TV
RADIO
LEARN GERMAN
GERMANY
WORLD
BUSINESS
SCIENCE
ENVIRONMENT
CULTURE
SPORTS
TOP STORIES
Live TV NOWEurope in Concert 04:00 UTCDW News
'IS' claims deadly Paris police shooting
A policeman has been killed on Paris' Champs-Elysee in what President Francois Hollande has described as a terrorist incident. The so-called "Islamic State" has claimed responsibility. The assailant has been killed.  Go to article  
Observing earth with high-tech satellites
France: Campaigning in the banlieues
20,000 km from Bangkok to Toulouse
Trump takes friendlier stance on EU
President Trump said a "strong Europe" was good for the US, appearing to walk back earlier comments about the EU as a whole. In meeting with Italian Prime Minister Gentiloni, Trump pushed Rome for more trade with the US. 
Germany deports Tugce Albayrak attacker
A man convicted of a deadly assault on a German-Turkish woman in 2014 has been deported to his native Serbia after serving jail time. The case sparked outrage across Germany, with many hailing the woman as a heroine. 
Iran's Ahmadinejad barred from presidential run
Hardline ex-president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who ruled Iran for eight years, has been barred from the Guardian Council to run in next month's presidential election. His close ally Hamid Baghaie has also been disqualified. 
AfD conference: More questions than answers
Frauke Petry, chairwoman of Germany's right-wing populists, is a savvy politician. She demonstrated her cunning once again ahead of the AfD's conference in Cologne this weekend, confronting the party with a crucial test. 
Euro Parliament chief: UK election 'good for EU'
The UK's upcoming general election should ease pressure on UK PM Theresa May to please her more hardline supporters, European Parliament chief Antonio Tajani has said. EU citzens' rights in the UK are also a priority. 
Sch?uble defends German trade surplus in US
The German Finance Minister has rejected US charges that Germany's trade surplus is a sign of unfair policies and called on the Trump administration to remain engaged in trade liberalization. 
Council urges better checks on populism
A top European human-rights defender has urged citizens to do more to combate hate and marginalization. Council of Europe Secretary General Thorbjorn Jagland suggests "checks and balances" against growing populism. 
On campaign trail in Le Pen's 'laboratory'
The National Front has a good chance of winning the first round of France's presidential election. Suddenly, a northern town ruled by the right-wing party is in the limelight. Bernd Riegert reports from Henin-Beaumont. 
Saxony politician chides mogul's racist comments
A minister in the eastern German state of Saxony, Eva-Maria Stange, has attacked racist comments supportive of Donald Trump made by a German businessman. Hans Naumann is also under fire from Chemnitz university students. 
Russia's top court bans Jehovah's Witnesses
Russia's Supreme Court has branded the Jehovah's Witnesses as an "extremist group" and banned them from operating in the country. The court ordered the government to seize the Christian group's property. 
Can Brussels budge Britain?
As the United Kingdom approaches a surprise snap election, observers wonder if and to what degree the European Union will influence the result when voters head back to the ballot box. 
May buys Brexit time with early UK election
As British Prime Minister Theresa May secures a clear mandate from MPs to hold an early election, many are asking why she is holding one at all. Samira Shackle reports from London. (19.04.2017)  
Nigeria arrests 53 over gay wedding
The man have been charged with belonging to "an unlawful society." Being in a homosexual relationship can come with a hefty prison sentence in Nigeria. 
Epilepsy drug behind thousands of birth defects
A drug used to treat epilepsy has led to up to 4,100 cases of "severe malformations" of children in France, according to regulators. Despite the risk, a ruling has allowed pregnant women to continue to use it. 
Pakistan Panama Papers ruling 'a win all round'
Pakistan's apex court has ruled there's insufficient evidence to remove PM Sharif from office in a corruption case. DW analyzes why the verdict is satisfactory for the ruling party, the opposition as well as the army. 
Labour leader Corbyn comes out fighting
In his first campaign speech, the UK's opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn said Labour can win the June election. Eschewing calls to make this a plebiscite on Brexit, he drew on old battles that may have already been lost. 
Bulgaria stops five Germans headed to Syria
Bulgarian authorities have detained five German citizens suspected of having links to a militant organization. One of them was reported as being under the age of 18. 
Why Germany's Greens are wilting in polls
A lack of hot-button issues and charisma are dragging the Greens down in opinion surveys ahead of national elections. Nonetheless, they may win a share of power - whether the grassroots like it or not. 
Jakarta election a turning point for Indonesia
The Indonesian capital's sitting Christian governor, Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, has conceded defeat in an election seen as a test for pluralism in the world's largest Muslim country. Christina Schott reports from Jakarta. 
Pope to canonize Fatima shepherd children
According to Catholic Church belief, the shepherd children saw apparitions of the Virgin Mary and were given three prophecies. The Sanctuary of Our Lady of Fatima is a major pilgrimage site.  
US VP Pence touts trade in Indonesia
The trip marks the first key meeting between Indonesia and the new US administration under Trump, whose rhetoric on Islam has unnerved many in the world's most populous Muslim nation. Tensions also abound over trade. 
Refugee aid ships in Med overwhelmed
The emergency ship "Iuventa" from the Berlin-based aid organization "Jugend rettet" was overloaded in its last deployment. The organization's spokeswoman Pauline Schmidt spoke to DW about the incident. 
OPEC likely to extend oil output cut
After logging their biggest one-day drop in more than a month on Wednesday, oil prices have stabilized on the news that Saudi Arabia and Kuwait signaled that a deal to extend oil production curbs was in the pipeline. 
Live updates: Schalke vs. Ajax
Goals from Leon Goretzka, Guido Burgstaller and Daniel Caligiuri looked to be sending Schalke through to the semifinals. But Ajax hit back twice in extra time and progressed on aggregate.  
PERSPECTIVES
Hope is stronger than fear
Three dead, hundreds arrested, but no bloodbath. The ongoing protests in Venezuela are a sliver of hope for the country.  11 Comments
NEWS BULLETIN
Top stories in 3 minutes
DW News presents the most important news - in brief, quickly and up-to-date. 
MOST READ
Naked mole-rats: no oxygen, no problem  
Ahmadinejad barred from re-running for Iran presidency  
'IS' claims deadly police shooting on Paris' Champs-Elysees  
Russia's top court bans Jehovah's Witnesses  
Watch livestream
DW (ENGLISH) LIVE
Europe in Concert - Sivert H?yem (Norway)
Coming up at 04:00 UTC: DW News
Why is Venezuela oil rich, but cash poor?
Venezuela is flush with oil, but strapped for cash. Empty store shelves and hospitals short on medicine have driven its people to desperation. DW outlines five key points to understanding the oil-based crisis. 
A peaceful weapon for democracy
Fifty years ago, a military coup was staged in Greece. The violent government takeover was followed by a ruthless regime that lasted seven years. Back then, DW played a key role for the resistance. 
Naked mole-rats: no oxygen, no problem
When oxygen runs low, mammals like humans and mice have a hard time. Brain cells face an energy shortage and start dying. Not so for the East African naked mole-rat! The strange-looking animal has a back-up plan. 
Ivanka Trump heading to Berlin women's summit
US President Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump will be paying an official visit to Germany next week. She will be participating in the W20 summit in Berlin. 
Watch video
01:42
Protests against Serbia's strongman
For several nights, thousands of young people in Serbia have been protesting against Prime Minister Aleksander Vucic.  
Is France's Socialist Party finished?
Corinne Narassiguin, speaker of the French Socialists, discusses the collapse of her party in the polls and the legacy of Francois Hollande, who has become the most unpopular president in the country's history. 
German steakhouse's beef with reality TV show
German TV broadcaster RTL2 has taken a roasting after allegedly misrepresenting the owners of a restaurant in southwestern Germany. The couple claims they had to close their business within days of the show airing. 
Malicious disease spreads to Europe
Heart problems - that's how Chagas disease may manifest itself. But by then, the infection will have been in a patient's body for many years. That’s why the disease is rarely treated. But it also has to do with poverty. 
Sieren‘s China: Stronger than presumed
China’s economy has seen its strongest quarterly performance in a while. The country is becoming less and less dependent on the rest of the world. But its debts are growing, says DW’s Frank Sieren.  
GERMANY AND TURKEY - A DIFFICULT RELATIONSHIP
DW's in-depth look at relations between Berlin and Ankara
DW DOCUMENTARIES
Vaccination – How to convince the sceptics
Vaccinations are one of modern medicine's greatest achievements. Yet some people opt against them.
GERMANY
AfD party conference: More questions than answers
Germany deports Tugce Albayrak attacker to Serbia
Gabriel: Germany's security is being protected in Iraq
Study: German kids not suffering because of refugees
EUROPE
Trump takes friendlier stance on EU as Italy's PM visits
Council of Europe urges better checks against populism
Living Planet: Opting for a simpler life
What to watch out for on Matchday 30 in the Bundesliga
More
AFRICA
Nigeria arrests 53 over gay wedding
AfricaLink on Air – 20 April 2017
UN may ask ICC to probe DRC mass graves
Victory for Nigerien students after protests
More
ASIA
Pakistan's Panama Papers ruling is a win for everyone
US VP Pence in Indonesia to boost trade, ease tensions
DW Business – Europe & Asia
World in Progress: A personal take on eradicating neglected tropical diseases
More
BUSINESS
DW Business - Europe & Africa
Sch?uble defends German trade surplus in the US
Differences cloud IMF, World Bank meetings
OPEC likely to extend oil output cut
More
ENVIRONMENT
Living Planet: Doing our bit
Living Planet: Opting for a simpler life
Living Planet: Goodbye kale, hello bouie!
Living Planet: A market for food waste
More
SCI-TECH
Naked mole-rats: no oxygen, no problem
Opinions divided on March for Science in the US
One of these two women could be Germany's first female astronaut
WHO reports 'remarkable' progress after decade of fighting tropical diseases
More
ARTS
Francis Bacon inspires ballet
Euromaxx - Lifestyle Europe 20.04.2017
'I like the idea of a harmonic protest,' says Sting guitarist Dominic Miller
Nazi-looted art claim sets new test for Germany
More
SPORTS
Schalke knocked out by Ajax in Europa League thriller
Europa League as it happened: Schalke 3-4 Ajax agg
Quiz: How many Bundesliga clubs' nicknames do you know?
Dortmund target Cup triumph and third spot after turbulent period
More
OPINION
Opinion: Hope is stronger than fear in Venezuela
Why the Greens are wilting in German national election polls
Opinion polls tighten ahead of French presidential election
Opinion: What is behind Frauke Petry's decision?
More
CONFLICT ZONE
Konstantin Kosachev: 'US [action in Syria] is a strong violation of international law'
How serious is Pakistan about fighting terrorism?
Corruption, nepotism, Kashmir: Democracy Indian style?
Did Zimbabwe's former VP Joice Mujuru turn a blind eye on human rights violations?
More
WEB-VIDEOS
Cartoonists for free media in Turkey
#NewNationalism - Vladimir Putin remains popular with Russia's youth
Elderly swim team break Australian relay record
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wants a third term as Iran's president
TOP STORIES
Germany
World
Business
Science
Environment
Culture
Sports
  A - Z Index
MEDIA CENTER
Live TV
All media content
Latest Programs
Podcasts
TV
Schedule and Reception
TV Programs
  RADIO
LEARN GERMAN
German Courses
German XXL
Community D
Teaching German
ABOUT DW
Who we are
Press
Business & Sales
Advertising
Travel
SERVICE
Reception
Mobile
Newsletters & Co.
FAQ
Contact
  DW AKADEMIE
About us
Media Development
Master's Degree
Traineeship
Training
© 2017 Deutsche Welle | Privacy Policy | Legal notice | Contact | Mobile version  text/html; charset=utf-8 index, follow 1 days Deutsche Welle (www.dw.com) © 2017 Deutsche Welle (www.dw.com) Deutsche Welle (www.dw.com) app-id=498833085 app-id=com.idmedia.android.newsportal /js/smartbanner/DW-App-Icon-57x57.png en_GB 24369314439 TOP STORIES, news,analysis,topics,information,current affairs,international topics,regional topics,world news,breaking news,developments TOP STORIES, news,analysis,topics,information,current affairs,international topics,regional topics,world news,breaking news,developments News and analysis of the top international and European topics Current affairs and background information on poltics, business, science, culture, globalization and the environment. News and analysis of the top international and European topics Current affairs and background information on poltics, business, science, culture, globalization and the environment. http://www.dw.com/en/top-stories/s-9097 DW.COM 100000944106340 100004095264842 100004135624835 TOP STORIES | DW.COM
