Sape is a services to attract new customers from search enginesRUS /ENG
Sign in
Sape - backlinks purchase service
Improve your search engine rankings and direct targeted traffic to your site
Create account
By creating an account, you agree to Sape's Conditions of Use and Privacy Notice
What to begin with?
We recommend you to check our instructions about the quick-start in FAQ, which will help you to begin your work with our servicequickly.
Full instructions
What's New
There will appear the latest news on the work of our service
Sape interface translating
19.12.16
Dear users, we are glad to inform you that we are working on the translation of the interface ofour service into English. This is a complex process that requires painstaking attention to each detail. There are a lot of suchdetails in our service, that's why the translation can last from 2 to 4 months. However, we will make the translated pagesavailable for work as soon as we finish their translation. This means that the translation of the interface will be gradual, andyou will be able to observe the results of our work every day.If you have any questions concerning work in our service, you can contact me atkrylov@sape.ru
English-speaking support in Sape
18.12.2016
Hey there. Now we have a support service in English. So you can communicate with us in English,that will simplify your work in our service. We are ready to answer all your questions about our service. You may send a messageusing the feedback interface help.sape.ru/sape/faq/1011 (you need to be authorized) or send us an e-mail at support@sape.ru.
Contact us
If you have any questions, comments and suggestions, please contact us in any way
Email
support@sape.ru
Payment Method
We tried to make the depositing as easy as possible for you.
If you have any problems with the depositings, please contact us in any way
We accept payments via PayPal and other methods:
Yandex.Money
Webmoney
Qiwi
Bank card
Read more about the methods and conditions of depositing via PayPal in FAQ:
https://help.sape.ru/passport/faq/1710
support@sape.ru
© 2008-2017 Sape LLC  text/html; charset=windows-1251 IE=edge width=device-width, initial-scale=1
