PC GamerNews Reviews Hardware Pro Best Of More
Search
POPULAR
StarCraft is Free
Radeon RX 580
Best of 2017
Overwatch
Prison PCs
Hardware Guides
NEWS STREAM
Winner of H1Z1: King of the Kill team tournament: 'We weren't gonna die to anybody'
GTA Online goes old-school with top-down Tiny Racers mode
A new trailer for The Surge takes an up-close look at combat
The Walking Dead: A New Frontier ep 4 gets a release date in new trailer
Nier: Automata director wants to remake the original but needs to get paid first
Biostar announces the first mini-ITX motherboards for Ryzen
Rocket League is coming to China as part of a free-to-play partnership with Tencent
Frying pans now literally save your ass in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
More people watch gaming videos and streams than HBO, Netflix, ESPN, and Hulu combined
EVGA bumps memory clock on GTX 1080 FTW2 and SC2 to 11GHz
MORE NEWS
Dawn of War 3 review in progress
Radeon RX 580 review
ROUND TWO
Learn the basics of Ana from an Overwatch pro
WATCHPOINT
Frying pans now literally save your ass in PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds
NEWS
Don't take the ESA's games industry numbers at face value
DATA SHMATA
LATEST UPDATES
Meet the most honest man in EVE Online
How to become the most trusted person in a game where the first rule is to never trust anyone.
DO UNTO OTHERS
Rick and Morty: Virtual Rick-ality is the best VR toybox yet
By James Davenport 7 hours ago
Clever puzzles and wacky sci-fi toys make for a vulgar, varied VR game, even if it’s short.
TOY PARABOX
The best racing-style gaming chair
By Bo Moore 8 hours ago
Is your seat as stylish as it is comfortable?
HOT SEATS
Why RPGs are best when they're built around a single, massive city
By Jody Macgregor 10 hours ago
The next open world RPG should ditch the countryside and focus on one intricate city. And it should never make you leave.
CITY SLICKER
Best VPN for PC gaming
By Jonas DeMuro 11 hours ago
We test a variety of services to see which keeps your private browsing data private.
STEALTH MODE
League of Legends’ latest update demonstrates Heroes of the Storm’s influence
By Cassandra Marshall 16 hours ago
Blizzard's 'weird' MOBA is making its mark on the Rift.
RIFT TALES
Best graphics card deals today
By Matt Porter 19 hours ago
We've scoured the virtual shelves for the best graphics card deals around this week.
PIXEL PUSHERS
Best CPU deals today
By Matt Porter 19 hours ago
Looking for a bargain processor upgrade for your gaming rig? We've scoured the web for you...
UPGRADE TIME
Best SSD deals today
By Matt Porter 20 hours ago
We've done our homework on the best SSDs around, so let us help you get the best prices for your next solid state upgrade.
SPEEDY DEALS
Overwatch Uprising legendary guide
By Bo Moore a day ago
These are the best heroes for beating Overwatch's most difficult PvE mode.
DON'T FEAR THE ROBOT
HARDWARE BUYING GUIDES
LATEST GAME REVIEWS
1
The best racing-style gaming chair
2
Best VPN for PC gaming
3
The best gaming monitors
4
The best gaming keyboard
5
The best RGB LED Lighting Kit
How to protect your privacy and PC online
ISPs can do what they want with your personal data. Here's how you can fight back.
ON GUARD
The PC Gamer Show: Star Wars: Battlefront 2, StarCraft, and more
By PC Gamer a day ago
We look at the news out of Star Wars Celebration, free StarCraft, and more.
PODCAST
What we want from Total War: Warhammer 2
By Wes Fenlon, Tom Senior a day ago
Here are nine things we're hoping to see from The Creative Assembly.
WAR DREAMS
Managing a team of gladiators to crushing defeat in Domina
By Christopher Livingston a day ago
Buy 'em, train 'em, equip 'em, then watch 'em be brutally slaughtered.
TUSSLE CROWE
Why I love the old school feel of Memoranda
By Joe Donnelly a day ago
A game I've instantly point-and-clicked with.
HARD KNOCKS
We're giving away 40 Satellite Reign keys with GOG
By PC Gamer 2 days ago
Tactical gains.
GIVEAWAY
Competition heats up ahead of Dota 2’s $3 million Kiev Major
By Victoria Rose 2 days ago
Get to grips with the scene before the action begins.
KIEV 2017
The best gaming monitors
By Jarred Walton, Bo Moore 2 days ago
After testing more than a dozen monitors, we've picked out the absolute best for gaming.
EYE CANDY
The Sexy Brutale review
By Christopher Livingston 2 days ago
Stop a series of grisly murders in this stylish time-loop adventure game.
GROUNDHOG SLAY
Why have Hearthstone’s new Quest cards mostly missed the mark?
By Simon Welch 2 days ago
Sottle examines why the new mechanic seems to have failed, but also argues we shouldn't be worried.
CRATERED
How The Witcher 3 succeeds where Mass Effect: Andromeda falls short
By Jody Macgregor 2 days ago
Comparing quests from the RPGs reveals remarkable design similarities, so why is one revered and the other divisive?
FACE-OFF
The best gaming keyboard
The best mechanical keyboards for gaming, including overall favorite, budget, and high-end options.
BADASS PLANKS
Battlefield 1's underused smoke grenades are one of its best tools
By Tyler Wilde 2 days ago
If smoke keeps catching on, billowing plumes will soon be greying out a server near you.
SMOKED
Tim Schafer on making Full Throttle and remastering it for a new generation
By Andy Kelly 3 days ago
An interview with the creator of the classic LucasArts adventure.
ROAD HOG
Could The Flame in the Flood be the saddest game ever created?
By Samuel Roberts 3 days ago
Enjoying the river's pretty-looking misery.
NOW PLAYING
Guardians of the Galaxy: Episode 1 review
By Wes Fenlon 3 days ago
Telltale's latest isn't funny enough, or exciting enough, to do the Guardians of the Galaxy justice.
GUARDIYAWNS
Build guide: the best cheap gaming PC
By Bo Moore 3 days ago
A great gaming PC for as little money as possible.
BUILD GUIDE
Blizzard fixes exploit that let cheaters and griefers control robot spawns in Overwatch PvE
By Evan Lahti 3 days ago
For a few days, Overwatch Uprising gave players a way to spare their team of angry robots... or unleash hell.
V1.1
The 15 year quest to mod the mainland into The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind
By Luke Winkie 3 days ago
Tamriel Rebuilt began long ago but the vision to create the entire Morrowind province remains.
WHOLE NEW WORLD
The best Civilization 6 mods
By Tyler Wilde 3 days ago
Mute the colors, add a production queue, and play a game on the earth.
UPDATED
Build of the week: a whole new world (of retrofuturistic warfare)
By James Davenport 3 days ago
Japanese designer Hiroto Ikeuchi turned this PC into a gorgeous, intricate diorama.
DIORAMA
Charting the rise of Midormeepo, one of the stars of Dota 2's YouTube scene
By Victoria Rose 4 days ago
Mixing memes and music.
CREATOR SPOTLIGHT
MOST READ
MOST SHARED
1
Blizzard is changing Overwatch's controversial new tiebreaking system
2
Terraria 1.3.5 patch readies the game for Re-Logic's "secret" update plan
3
Watch a guy speedrun all of Diablo 2 without attacking a single enemy
4
PC Building Simulator gets picked up by an indie publisher
5
You can turn your Radeon RX 480 into an RX 580 with a BIOS flash
PREV NEXT
PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.
About Us
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
Advertise with us
© Future US, Inc. One Lombard Street, Suite 200, San Francisco California 94111.    US width=device-width,minimum-scale=1,initial-scale=1  PC Gamer is your source for exclusive reviews, demos, updates and news on all your favorite PC gaming franchises. #000000 http://static.pcgamer.futurecdn.net/20170406/apple-touch-icon.png  pcgamer http://www.pcgamer.com/   1200 article https://www.facebook.com/pcgamermagazine https://www.facebook.com/pcgamermagazine 235441786508054  summary_large_image @pcgamer   @pcgamer  15560223 rhEtvzpIoXL0k5ptUOdbzytqTVETNhMKARqyzF2J198 10329f1fd4d0a2cd5c0d3b3b809cb4cd http://www.pcgamer.com/ http://static.pcgamer.futurecdn.net/media/img/pcgamer_logo.png
