Nature Research: science journals, jobs, information and services.nature.com
User tools
Search
E-alert
Submit
Login
Close menu
Close menu
Close menu
Close menu
Featured article
Simon Schluter/Fairfax Media via Getty Images
Young human blood makes old mice smarter
Mice treated with a protein from umbilical cord plasma improved their performance on memory tests.
News | 19 April 2017
Physicists excited by latest LHC anomaly
A series of odd findings have theorists hoping for new particles.
News | 18 April 2017
Global coalition chips away at neglected tropical diseases
Partnerships see some success in eliminating illnesses, but challenges, such as access to treatments, remain.
Current Issue | 20 April 2017
Contents
Subscribe
Latest News
News | 20 April 2017
Mining threatens Chinese fossil site that revealed planet's earliest animals
Protests sparked by the destruction of three key fossil-hunting areas result in a temporary halt of phosphate mining.
News | 20 April 2017
What all those scientists on Twitter are really doing
Analysis reveals that female researchers are over-represented on the social-media site and that mathematicians and life scientists are… show more
News | 19 April 2017
DNA's secret weapon against knots and tangles
A simple process seems to explain how massive genomes stay organized. But no one can agree on what powers it.
News | 19 April 2017
Fake-drug crackdown, tackling misconduct and Europa’s plumes
The week in science: 14–20 April 2017.
News | 19 April 2017
Drivers gear up for world’s first nanocar race
Chemists will navigate molecular wagons along a tiny golden track.
News | 18 April 2017
Doom and gloom won't save the world
The best way to encourage conservation is to share our success stories, not to write obituaries for the planet, says Nancy Knowlton.
All News
Latest Research Highlights
Research Highlights | 21 April 2017
Sepsis: Bile acids promote inflammation in cholestasis-associated sepsis
Hugh Thomas
Nature Reviews Gastroenterology and Hepatology
Research Highlights | 21 April 2017
Stem cells: Two sides to cancer stem cells in colorectal cancer
Katrina Ray
Nature Reviews Gastroenterology and Hepatology
Research Highlights | 21 April 2017
Osteoarthritis: Metabolic syndrome and risk of knee OA
Sarah Onuora
Nature Reviews Rheumatology 13, 257
Research Highlights | 20 April 2017
Plastic pollution drifts into Arctic cul-de-sac
An Atlantic ‘conveyor belt’ brings high levels of floating debris to the Greenland and Barents seas. 
Nature
Research Highlights | 20 April 2017
Prostate cancer: Targeting the core of resistance
Clemens Thoma
Nature Reviews Urology
Research Highlights | 20 April 2017
Gut bacteria could make cancer drugs work better 
Bacteria in a worm influence the activity of a common chemotherapy drug.
Nature
All Research Highlights
Browse by subject
Biological sciences
Biological sciences encompasses all the divisions of natural sciences examining various aspects of vital processes. The concept… show more
BiotechnologyGeneticsImmunologyNeuroscience
Earth and environmental sciences
Earth and environmental sciences cover all aspects of Earth and planetary sciences, and broadly encompasses solid Earth processes,… show more
Climate sciencesEcologyEnvironmental sciencesSolid Earth sciences
Health sciences
The health sciences study all aspects of health, disease and healthcare. This field of study aims to develop knowledge, interventions… show more
EndocrinologyGastroenterologyNeurologyOncology
Physical sciences
Physical sciences are those academic disciplines that aim to uncover the underlying laws of nature - often written in the language of… show more
ChemistryMaterials scienceNanoscience and technologyPhysics
All subjects
Publications
All publications
Careers
Comments and Opinion | 19 April 2017
Retirement: Dollars and sense
Don't delay — start saving early and fatten your pension pot.
Eryn Brown
Nature Jobs 544, 381–383
Comments and Opinion | 19 April 2017
Mental health: Degree and depression
Nature Jobs 544, 383
Comments and Opinion | 12 April 2017
Turning point: Marching for facts
A climate-change researcher helps organize the March for Science.
Virginia Gewin
Nature Jobs 544, 261
All careers
FOR AUTHORS AND REFEREES
Guide to Authors
Guide to Referees
Editorial policies
Language editing
Scientific editing
Reprints & permissions
FOR READERS
Journals A-Z
Subject Pages
Protocol Exchange
Blogs
Podcasts
Webcasts
Subscriptions
Mobile apps
RSS
FOR LIBRARIANS
Account administration
Site licenses
Catalogs
Print subscriptions
Pay per view
Open access
Promotion tools
Public interfaces
User guides
Library relations
Publisher collaborations
CAREERS AND EVENTS
Natureconferences
Natureevents
Naturejobs.com
REGIONAL WEBSITES
Natureasia
Nature China (International site)
Nature India
Nature Japan
Nature Korea
Nature Middle East
NATURE RESEARCH
About us
Work for us
Help
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Use of cookies
Legal notice
Terms & Conditions
FOR ADVERTISERS
Advertising options
Journal audience
Event advertising
Job posts
Contact representative
FOR PRESS
Press site
Press room
Contact press office
© 2017 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All rights reserved.
partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, ORCID, CrossRef, COUNTER and COPE  Nature Research: science journals, jobs, information and services. Discover the world’s best science and medicine. noarchive Yes Nature.com Homepage Homepage homepage-mosaic show-new-subject-container-off /homepage/public/resources/nature-logo-transparent-144x144-7b33ff5825e252c0b335e39cdae2c212.png #940720 width=device-width,initial-scale=1.0,maximum-scale=2.5,user-scalable=yes
